Here again, is our earlier example of a Markov chain with four states. This is a weighted graph. But for a moment let's ignore the edge ways and let's look at the unweighted version of this graph. Here's the adjacency matrix, where this unweighted version of this graph. From State 1, there are edges to itself to State 2 and that's it. So the first row looks like 1 1 0 0, and is straightforward to check the remainder of the adjacency matrix. Now, I want to look at the matrix, A square. So A times A. This is still going to be a four by four matrix. Let's simply multiply it out, and what do we get? I claim that this is the matrix A square. What do these entries mean? Well, take a look at this first entry, 1 1. It has value 2, why? Well, because there are two pass going from State 1 to State 1 of Lane 2 In particular, I can self loop and then self loop, or I can go to State 2 and then back to State 1. Take another State, four comma one. From State 4, look at the pass of Lane 2 to State 1. I can self loop and then follow this edge or I can follow this edge, and then self loop. But if I look at from four to two, what can I do? Well, there's only one path of Lane 2. I can go to State 1 and then over to State 2, and if I look at the pass of length two from 4 to 3, where there are no pass of Lane 2 that go from State 4 to State 3. There's no way to reach 3 from 4 by path of Lane 2. So this matrix A square encodes the number of pass of Lane 2. Now let's go back to the weighted version of this graph. This is the transition matrix for this Markov chain. Let's write the transition matrix once again for this Markov chain. I got half probability of staying at State 1, half probability of going from State 1 to State 2, and then zero probability of going from State 1 to State 3 or State 4. So this is the first row. This is the remainder of the transition matrix. We're going to look at this matrix, P square, which is P times P. Well let's simply multiply it out first and see what matrix we get. Well if we multiply out P times P, this is the matrix P square that we get. What are these entries mean? Well one thing we noticed first, is that we get a 0 entry here, and we also had a zero entry in the matrix A square. But why is that? Well, there's no passive Lane 2 in this graph, from State 4 to State 3. So this entry four, three is 0. These other entries there are no longer integer values, so they no longer correspond to the number of pass between this pair, I J. But they too correspond to the total weight of the pass, from I to J. Suppose we start the Markov Chain at time zero, in State 2, checking email. And I ask, what is the state at time t=2? Two time steps away. Well, one time step away is defined by the matrix P. Now let's look more precisely at the probability of going from State 2 at time zero, to State 1 at time two. So what's this probability of going from State 2 to State 1, in two time steps? Well, there are two ways to do it. I can go from 2 to 1, and then self loop, or I can go 2 to 4 and then to 1. The probability of going from State 2 to State 1 is point 2, and then from 1 to 1 self looping is point 5 probability. The other path has probability point 3 times .7. Now if you work this out, what do you get? You get point 31, which is exactly the entry two one in this matrix P square. So in this matrix P square, at the entry I J, tells us the probability of going from State I to state J in exactly two times steps.