Let's recap what we know so far about stationary distributions of a Markov Chain. So let's consider a Markov Chain defined by the transition matrix P, now if our Markov Chain is defined on end states then we consider any distribution pi on those end states, so this is a row vector of size N, so for any pi which satisfies pi times P equals pi, so pi once again is a eigenvector with eigenvalue 1 for P then such a pi is a stationary distribution. What this equation says is that, if we start in distribution pi and we do one step of our random walk defined by P then we'll stay in the stationary distribution pi, so pi' isn't variant. Once we reach it we stay in it. Now this defines a stationary distribution. Now, when is there such a pi? What Markov Chains have a stationary distribution? And if there is one, is it unique or there's multiple ones? Under what properties do we have multiple or unique stationary distributions? And for our simple 62-10 example, we noticed that no matter where you started, you always reached the stationary distribution. So in this case when there's a unique stationary distribution, regardless of where we start, do we always reach this stationary distribution? Finally, in this case where there is a unique stationary distribution and we always reach it, we could ask how fast we reach it. This is known as the mixing time of the Markov Chain. How fast the Markov Chain reaches its stationary distribution. This is one of the things I study in my research, trying to prove bounds about the mixing time of Markov Chains. We're not going to look at the mixing time here but what we are going to look at, our properties of the Markov Chain which ensure that we have a unique stationary distribution and that we always reach the stationary distribution. So regardless of where we started from, we eventually in the limit over time will reach a stationary distribution. In order to see which properties ensure a unique stationary distribution, let's look at examples where we have multiple stationary distributions. That will give us some insight into the properties needed to guarantee a unique stationary distribution.