These are the two key properties of a Markov chain, that is aperiodic and irreducible. Recall that aperiodic means that the underlying graph is not bipartite. How do we get around it? We add self-loops, and that ensures that the graph is not bipartite and has no aperiodic structure. Irreducible means that it has one strongly connected component. How do we ensure that? By making sure that the graph is fully connected. All pairs of states can get between each other in one step, there's an edge between every pair of vertices. Now, a Markov chain which is a periodic and irreducible is called the Ergodic, and that's the key property. In Ergodic Markov chain has nice properties. A Markov chain with these two properties has a stationary distribution pi and is unique. There is exactly one stationary distribution. Moreover, we have the following nice property for the raised to the power T. For some big enough T then the matrix looks like pi, pi, pi, every row is pi. What does that mean? That means regardless of where we start. So, we starting at one of these rows, and then we're doing T steps of our random walk. We're going to reach this distribution pi. So no matter the starting state, we eventually reach the unique stationary distribution pi. This was the same scenario that happened for our simple example on four states for the 6210 example. So in other words, we always reach pi no matter where we start. How is page rank going to be defined? Well, page rank is going to be defined by looking at a Markov chain on the web graph, so, we're going to do a random walk on the web graph, the sites, the vertices are going to be web pages, the edges are going to correspond to hyperlinks. Now, we're going to have some technicalities to ensure that the underlying Markov chain is aperiodic and irreducible. How are we going to solve them? Exactly as we mentioned earlier. We're going to add self loops and we're going at it to be fully connected and then the page rank is going to be defined as the stationary distribution of this Markov chain. Since it's Ergodic, there's a unique stationary distribution and no matter where we start as random walk, we'll always reach this unique stationary distribution. So, it's well-defined, the stationary distribution will correspond to the page rank. So, our measure of the importance of a web page will be related to the probability of ending at that web page. We start a random walk from any state, we run the random walk for many steps. What's the probability we end at a particular web page J? That corresponds to the page rank, the importance of the web page J.