Now how can we convert an arbitrary linear program into this standard form? For instance, suppose that we want to minimize this linear function instead of maximize this linear function, where we simply multiply this whole thing by negative one. And this is equivalent to maximizing negative C times X. So, we can replace this vector C by negative C and then we can maximize and it's equivalent to LP. Now, what if we have a constraint that says A1X1 through AnXn is at least B, instead of at most B. Once again we can multiply this by negative one. And this is equivalent to -A1 times X1 through An times Xn is at most negative B. Now, what if we have an equality constraint? So we want to set it equal to B, where we can replace this by two inequality constraints. We can say that A1X1 through AnXn is at most B and at least B. And the second of these at least B constraint. We can replace in this manner by an inequality at most negative B. Now, what if we have a strict inequality? So we say that X is strictly less than 100. How do we convert this into a non-strict inequality? Well, suppose the LP just said maximize X subject to the constraint that X is strictly less than 100. What's the solution, what's the optimal value of this function, this linear program? Well, it's not clear what the optimal is. So this ill defined linear program. So strict inequalities are not allowed in linear programming. Now, geometrically the way to view these strict inequalities. Well, first off look at these non-strict inequalities. In this case the feasible region corresponds to this closed convex polyhedron. So the optimal points will lie on the boundary of this polyhedron. But if we have strict inequalities, then the points on the boundary of the polyhedron do not lie in the feasible region. So it's an open set. And the problem is ill defined because we don't know what the optimal is. So strict inequalities are not allowed. Finally, what do we do if we have an unconstrained variable X? So X can be positive or negative. We don't have this non-negativity constraint. How do we add in this non-negativity constraint? Well, we create two new variables, the positive magnitude of X and the negative magnitude of X, X plus and X minus. We constrain X plus to be non-negative and X minus to be non-negative. So these corresponds to the magnitudes and we replace X by X plus minus X minus. And in this manner we can consider all variables to be non-negative.