Now, once again, we wanted to look at the expected number of satisfied clauses for this random assignment. We let W denote the random variable for the number of satisfied clauses, and we let WJ denote whether clause CJ is satisfied or not. And then this simplified to a sum over J from 1 to M, of whether the expectation of whether clause CJ is satisfied or not. And then we just prove that this expectation, the probability that clause CJ is satisfied, is at least 1/2. This is at least 1/2 for each of these M clauses. Therefore, this whole sum is at least M over 2. So what we've shown is a randomized algorithm, which achieves a one half approximation factor, though it's simply the expected performance of this algorithm. Now, it turns out we can de-randomize this algorithm. So we can find it's terministic algorithm which is guaranteed to find a 1/2 approximation, so the number of satisfied causes. And this uses the method of conditional expectations. It's quite simple, so let me quickly give you the idea of how it works. So we're going to run through the variables one by one, so let's let I go from 1 to N. Now we're going to try the two possible settings for XI, True or false, and we're going to compute the expected performance for each. So given this setting for XI, and given a fixed setting for X1 trough XI-1. So the early ones are fixed, and now we're trying both possible settings for XI. We compute the expected performance for a random assignment for the remaining variables. XI+1 to XN. Now this expected performance is quite easy to compute based on the analysis approach we just did. And what we're going to do is we're going to take the better of these two assignments, and then we're going to fix it, and then we're going to move on to the next variable. Now one interesting feature is that we're not saying something about the optimal number of satisfied clauses. For instance, our formula F might have 12 clauses, and maybe the maximum number of clauses that can be satisfied simultaneously is maybe 10. So M* in this instance would be 10, and M would be 12. Now, what we're proving is that a random assignment satisfies at least six of the clauses. Now since sets within a factor of 2 of the total number of clauses, therefore we're within half approximation of the maximum number of satisfied clauses. And actually, what was shown is that every formula has an assignment which satisfies at least half of the clauses. Intuitively, if the average is at least M/2, there must be at least one setting which achieves the average.