Now let's outline the proof of the code property. Let's first fix a graph G, here's our running example of a graph. Let's fix the subset of edges x which are past solutions so far. These are the green edges here. Our assumption is that x is a subset of T, where T is an MST. Let's mark this tree T by the red edges. Now we don't know these red edges, we don't know this MSTT but we know there exists such a tree T. So even though our algorithm doesn't know this tree T, we can use it in the proof because we are assuming the existence of this tree T. Now in addition to this tree T, I want to fix the subset of vertices which form the cut which no edge of x crosses. So I want to fix this subset S. In this example, this is x and this is s bar. Now our assumption was that none of the green edges, none of the edges of x cross between s and s bar. Now here are the green edges once again. And notice none of these green edges cross between s and s bar. Now there are edges of T which cross between s and s bar. Now that has to happen because T as an MST, is connected. So it has to connect s to s bar. But we're just asking that no edge of the partial solution crosses between s and s bar. So no edge of x crosses s to s bar. No edge of x is part of the cut between s and s bar. Now we're going to take a particular edge e star which crosses this cut. Which edge are we allowed to choose? We're allowed to choose any edge of minimum weight across this cut. So there are four other edges crossing this cut, and our assumption is that the weight of e star is at most the weight of any of these other edges. Now they may be equal, but no other edge crossing this cut has strictly smaller weight than e star. Now finally, what's our goal in this proof? Our goal is to construct a tree T prime, where T prime is a minimal spanning tree and where x union e star are all part of T prime. So x union e star are a subset of T prime. Now how can we possibly construct this T prime? Well we have this tree T. T is an M S T and T contains the partial solution x. Now the problem is that this tree T might not contain this edge e star. For example, in this case e star is not in one of the red edges. So what do we do? Well we try to modify this tree T to construct a new tree, T prime, and we'll show that this new tree T prime is a minimal spanning tree. So the weight of T prime is at most the weight of T, actually the weights must be equal, and this new tree T prime is modified a little bit from T so that it contains e star in addition to containing the partial solution x.