Now let's first prove that T prime is a tree. How do we construct T prime once again? We took the tree T and we added it in this edge e* that created a cycle. Now, along that cycle we removed any edge of that cycle. In this case we removed, let's say, this edge and let's call it e prime. What we're going to show now is that we can remove any edge of this cycle and this result in graph T prime will be a tree. Now, how are we going to show that the prime is a tree? Well, we're going to show that T prime is connected and it has exactly n-1 edges. Now, if you recall from the beginning of the lecture, we said that if a sub graph has exactly n-1 edges and is connected then it must be a tree. Now the fact that it has exactly n-1 edges is obvious. Why? Because T is a tree so it has exactly n-1 edges, we added one edge in and removed one edge. So we still have exactly n-1 edges. So what remains? We just have to show that it's connected. So take any pair of vertices y and z and let's show that there's a path between y and z in this sub graph T prime. I chose a particular y and z in this example. So y is over here and z is over here. Now noticing T, there is a path between y and z of course because T is connected. The path goes along this edge e prime. Now what happens in T prime? When T prime, I've removed this edge e prime. So this old path between y and z no longer exists in T prime. So let's let P denote the path from y to z in T in the original tree T. And now we have to construct a path in T prime which goes from y to z. Now, recall that when we looked at TUe* what do we get? We got a cycle, these blue edges are the cycle in TUe*. So let C denote the cycle in TUe*. Let's denote the end points of e prime as c and d. Now e prime is a path from c to d in T. Now this cycle C has two paths between c and d, e prime is one of those paths, let's take the other path. So let's look at this cycle C and take out the edge e prime, what do we have? We have a path and this path goes from c to d and all these edges in this path, exist in T prime because T prime contains all these edges except for e prime but we're not using e prime, we took e prime out. So we took the cycle, dropped off the edge e prime and this gives us a path from c to d in T prime. So, how do we get from y to z in T prime? Well, we're going to follow the original path P for whenever we hit this edge e prime, we replace this edge e prime by this new path P prime. Now, to show that y and z are connected in T prime. So we want to show that there is a path from y to z in T prime. Well, we're going to use the original path in T and then whenever we hit the edge e prime, we're going to replace the edge e prime by this path P prime because the edge e prime does not exist in T prime but the path P prime does exist. So we're going to go along this path and now the original path uses this edge e prime but it doesn't exist now so we use the rest of the cycle. It gets over to d and then from d we follow the rest of the path P. So, actually, in this example we're backtracking. So this doesn't actually give us a path, it gives us a walk. But it shows that y and z are connected in T prime and then, of course, we can truncate this walk to make a path. But our whole point is to show that y and z are connected and that's all we need to show. We've shown that's the case for any y and z therefore, T prime is connected and since it has exactly n-1 edges then T prime is in fact a tree.