So recall what is a stationary distribution? A stationary distribution is any vector, any distribution pi which satisfies the following identity, pi times p, the transition matrix, equals pi. So pi is an eigenvector of P with eigenvalue 1 or in other words, if I'm in distribution pi and I do one step of the random walk to find by P, then I'm still in distribution pi. So pi is an invariant distribution. Once I reach it I stay in it. Let's expand this out to see what this means a little bit more precisely. I have pi here. If there are a million web pages then pi is a row vector of size a million. Now I have P here. Now if there are a million web pages then P is of size a million by a million. Now let me just flip this. So let us look at pi equals pi times p. So I just flip the left and right hand side and here's the right hand side, pi equals pi times P. Let's look at an entry X here. So pi of X, this X entry here.If there are a million web pages and let's say X is maybe the 900th entry. How do I get this entry? Well, this X is going to define the column I looked at over here. So this is the 900th entry here and it's going to be the 900th column here. And then what I do, I take this column and then multiply by this row. So Y is going to vary over this row and then Y is going to vary over the rows of this matrix. I'm going to multiply the first entries together plus the second entries multiplied together and so on. So I'm going to sum over Y, the number of Ys is the number of web pages. So Y is varying over all vertices in the graph, all web pages in the graph and I take the Ys entry over here which is pi of Y and I multiply by the Ys entry in this column which is the P, Y over X. So I do the dot product of this row vector with this column vector and that gives me the X entry in pi. Now let's look at this term. What do we know about this term? What do we say that the transition matrix was for this random walk and the last line? Well if there's an edge from Y to X and it's one over the number of outgoing edges out of Y and there's no edge from Y to X then this transition matrix is zero. There's no probability of this random walk going from Y to X in one step. So, for any Y which does not have an edge to X, then this term is zero. So we can drop it. So we only have to look at Ys which have an edge to X. In other words we only have to look at Ys which are in the in neighbor set of X. So we can simplify this sum over all Ys to only Ys which are in the in neighbors. So now we only consider those Ys which have an edge from Y to X and we get pi of Y again and now we can replace this term P, Y of X by this quantity. So we're going to divide pi of Y by the number of our neighbors of Y because we know that if there's an edge from Y to X then P, Y, X is exactly this. So we can replace P, Y, X by this. So we have that pi of X equals this quantity. So what have we shown? We've shown that the stationary distribution of this random walk on the web graph. If we do this simple random walk on the web graph, it's stationary distribution satisfies the following identity. This is what we just saw because pi equals pi times P and we expanded our pi times P and we got this slightly simpler expression. Now, where have we seen this before? Well, what we saw before when we ignored Markov chains and we defined the rank of a web page in terms of citation count intuition. We got this definition. And look, they're identical. This definition and this definition are identical. So these two views are identical. This intuition from citation counts and this intuition from random walks, we get equivalent definitions. Now this random walk interpretation is very appealing. Think about it. So you started any web page, you run the random walk. So you just do random surfing. Now what's the chance you edit a page X. Well, an important web page like CNN or Google, I mean, there's probably a pretty good chance we're going to end up at that web page when we do a random surfing. Whereas somebody is like my web page well there's probably a very small chance that we're going to end up there. So the stationary distribution of this random walk is a very natural nice appealing measure of the importance of a web page. So, this is what we wanted to find the page rank of the web page to be.