Now here's what we just saw. We saw that if we did the random walk on the web graph, then a stationary distribution satisfies this identity. And this is what we'd like to define the PageRank for this web page to be. First off, is this well defined? Think back to our discussion about Markov chains and about stationary distributions of Markov chains. What are some of the key issues that can arise when we talk about stationary distributions of Markov chains? Was there a unique stationary distribution or are there multiple stationary distributions? Well, if there are multiple stationary distributions and it's not clear which one we are referring to. Also, we want that no matter where we start this random walk, we're always going to reach the stationary distribution. For instance, what if G has many strongly connected components? I mean, this is definitely the case. The web graph is going to have many strongly connected components. So, there might be one strongly connected component, very small strongly connected component containing my web page. And, perhaps, if you start the random walk in that strongly connected component, you might have a high probability of ending at my particular web page. Now, does that mean that I should have a high PageRank? Probably not. Now, there might be another strongly connected component, a very giant component and this giant component probably contains Google's web page. And now, if you start the random walk in that giant component, then you probably have a good probability of ending at Google's web page. So Google's web page should have a high PageRank because in that component it has a high rank. So how can we ensure that the Markov chain has a unique stationary distribution? We want to ensure that there's only one strongly connected component and also we want to get rid of any periodicity. There might be some parts of the graph which are bipartite. The easy way we discussed for making sure that there's a unique stationary distribution is to make the graph fully connected. So we're going to add edges, maybe with very small probability, but there will be edges between every pair of vertices. So, from any web page, we'll have some positive probability of going to any other particular web page. So, suppose your web browser had a random button. If you hit this random button, then it's going to take you to a random web page. The web page will be chosen uniformly at random from all web pages. So if there are a million web pages, you have probably one over a million of ending at any particular web page. Now, let's suppose you're surfing the web. What's the random walk going to look like? So, with some probability you're going to follow a random outgoing link from the current web page and with some probability you're going to hit the random button. And that's going to take you to a random web page in the whole graph. So, that random button is going to make the graph fully connected. Let's formalize this random walk that we're talking about here.