Here's an example of a specific directed graph on eight vertices. Now lets run our DFS algorithm for directed graphs on this specific example starting at the vertex B. And for concreteness we'll assume that the linked lists are stored in alphabetical order. So when we look at the edges out of B for example, we're going to see A and C then E. And let's look at the tree of explored edges in our DFS run. We're going to start at the vertex B, so this is going to be the root of the tree. And let's keep track of the pre-order and post-order numbers of the vertices as they are stored. We start exploring from B, so it gets a pre-order number. We first see neighbor A of vertex B. So the next edge that we explore is the edge B to A. We then assign of pre-order number to A. We then see vertex D and we give it its pre-order number. Then exploring from vertex D we see vertex E and then from vertex E we see vertex G. G gets pre-order number five. But notice from G there's nothing to explore. So we're going to pop back up from G back up to E. So we're going to finish exploring from G so we can give it post order number six. Now notice from Vertex E when we do explore from E, it was in an an edge from E to A. A has already been explored, has already been visited at that time. So we're not going to rerun explorer from A. This is not an edge in the DFS tree in the sense that A has already been explored at this time. So we're not going to rerun explorer from A but let's keep track of this edge and mark it as blue edge in order to distinguish it from the explored edges which are marked as black. After we've explored the two edges out of E to A and to G then we're going to pop back up to Vertex D. But first we're going to assign a post order number to E. Now from D we're going to see this edge to H, so we're going to explore from H. Now from H we see this neighbor G. G has already been visited, so let's mark this edge from H to G as a blue edge. Then we're going to finish exploring from H and we're going to pop back up to D. Lets assign its pre or post order numbers. From D there was an additional edge to G. Then we can assign its post order number and pop back up to A. A is done and then we can pop back up to B. From vertex B we're going to see vertex C and then F, so we're going to get this right sub-tree. Now from F we're going to see this edge back to B, that's a blue edge, and we're going to see this edge across to H and we can send the pre-order post-order numbers. And that completes the DFS run for this example.