Now, let's look at properties of the graph and how these properties manifest themselves in the DFS tree. Let's look now at cycles. How does the cycle manifest itself in the DFS tree? The key property is that graph G has a cycle, if and only if, it's DFS tree has a back edge. Now, this doesn't matter where we start the DFS. What is the starting vertex? It doesn't matter how the vertices are ordered in the adjacency list representation also. For any start vertex, for any ordering on the vertices, for any ordering on the neighbors of every vertex, the DFS tree will contain a back edge, if and only if, G has a cycle. So, if there is a cycle, there will be a back edge that will appear in our DFS tree. And if the DFS tree contains a back edge, then there is a cycle in the graph. Let's see why this property holds. This is an equivalence relation. So let's look at the two implications. Let's look at first at the forward implication. Let's suppose that G has a cycle and let's see how a back edge appears. Let's suppose the graph G has a cycle and let's label the vertices of that cycle as a, b, c, up to j. So, there's an edge from a to b, b to c, up to j, and then back to a. Now, one of these vertices has to be explored first. There always has to be somebody first. So, let's say the first vertex is vertex i. So, what do we know then about our DFS tree? We know we have this vertex i. And now if we look at the sub-tree of i, we know that all these other vertices of the cycle are reachable from i. So, they're all going to lie in the sub-tree rooted at i. So, all the other vertices of the cycle are going to be contained in this sub-tree rooted at i. We don't know anything else about the structure of this sub-tree, we just know that this sub-tree contains all the other vertices of this cycle because they're all reachable from vertex i. Now at least one of these vertices has an edge to i. In this case, we know that i - 1 has an edge to i. This edge is going to appear as a back edge because it goes from a descendant to an ancestor. So we're going to have a back edge from i minus one to i. Now, let's look at the reverse implication. Let's suppose that our DFS tree has a back edge and let's prove that the graph then must contain a cycle. Let's say there is a back edge from vertex a to vertex b. So, what do we know? We know that vertex a is a descendant of vertex b, and there's this back edge from a to b. But since a is a descendant of b in this DFS tree, we know there's a sequence of tree edges which go from b down to a. And notice we now have our cycle. These tree edges are edges in the graph and then this back edge is also the edge of the graph. So, we have our cycle from b down to a and then back to b. That shows that there is a cycle. For every back edge, there is a cycle. That proves this property.