I suppose that P is not equal to NP. Now looking at our diagram from before, that means that this donor, this separation between P and NP is non-empty. Therefore there are some such problems which can't be solved in polynomial time. They don't lie in the class P. What are the hard problems that lie in this donor? These intractable problems, these problems that we can't solve in polynomial time. The answer is NP complete problems. Now there may be other problems that lie in this class NP which do not lie in P. So they lie in this Donor but NP-complete problems are guaranteed to lie in this donor if it exists. NP complete problems are the hardest problems in the class NP. Let me repeat that because it's very key. NP complete problems are the hardest in the class NP. Now, what exactly do we mean by the hardest in the class? We mean that if P is not equal to NP then the following holds. Then all the NP complete problems are not in the class P. So all NP complete problems cannot be solved in polynomial time if P is not equal to NP. So if P is not equal to NP, this donor is non-empty. There are some problems in NP which don't lie in P, so we can't solve them in polynomial time. And what does NP complete mean? Well, these are the hardest in the class NP, so you can think of them as sort of as the outer layer of this donor. This outer layer are the NP complete problems. If there is some separation between these sets, then these NP complete problems are guaranteed to be in the difference. Now let's look at this statement more carefully. An equivalent statement is the contra-positive of it. Now what's the complement of all NP complete problems are not in P, where the compliment is that there exists in NP complete problem in P. In other words a NP complete problem can be solved in polynomial time. So, the complement of this conclusion that all NP complete problems are not in the class P is that there exists NP complete problem that can be solved in polynomial time. If this holds, then the complement of the hypothesis holds. The complement of the hypothesis is that P equals NP. If P equals NP, that means that all problems in the class NP can be solved in polynomial time. An equivalent statement to this one is that if there exists an NP complete problem that can be solved in polynomial time, then all problems in NP can be solved in polynomial time. Hence to show that a problem such as set lies in this and the complete portion of the donut. We have to show that if there is a polynomial time algorithm for set then there is a polynomial time algorithm for all problems in the class NP. We have to show that if there is an algorithm for set which works in polynomial time, we can use it as the black box to solve all problems NP in polynomial time. To do that, we're going to take every problem in the class NP. Now, there are many problems in this class. I've just marked a few of them but we have to take all such problems. So we take all such problems and we have to show that each of these such problems have a reduction to set. If we can solve set in polynomial time, we can solve every such problem in the class NP in polynomial time. Let's look at this more precisely on the next two slides.