Now, suppose that we know that the SAT problem is NP-complete. Now, in fact, we do know this. What exactly does this mean? This means that SAT lies in the class NP. And, in addition, it means that, for all problems A, in the class NP we know reduction from A to the SAT problem. Now, suppose we show that the SAT problem reduces to the independent sets problem. Then, what do we know? We know that every problem A and NP reduces to SAT. So a reduces to SAT, and SAT reduces to the independent set problem. So, by just composing these reductions or composing these functions, we have a reduction from A to independent sets problem. And this holds for every A and NP. Therefore, for every A and NP, we have a reduction from A to the independent sets problem. If we have a known NP-complete problem such as SAT, then to show that the independent sets problem is NP-complete, we just have to show that the independent sets problem lies in the class NP, and that there is a reduction from SAT to independent sets. To recap, to show that the independent sets problem is NP complete, we need to show the following. The independent sets problem lies in the class NP, that's easy to do, and we have to take a known NP-complete problem such as satisfiability and we have to show how to reduce satisfiability to the independent sets problem. We have to take the known NP-complete problem and reduce it to our new NP-complete problem. Since every problem A and NP reduces to SAT because SAT is NP-complete, and we just showed this reduction from SAT to independent sets problem. therefore, we know how to take every problem A and NP and reduce it to the independent sets problem and we can start from any known NP-complete problem. At the beginning, we'll start with SAT and we'll build up our repertoire of NP-complete problems and then we can take any of these known NP-complete problems and reduce it to our new problem, which we're trying to show as NP-complete. Now, it sounds much more tangible. To prove that a problem such as independence problem is NP-complete, we have to just show that we can verify solutions in polynomial time. That's the first step and then we have to take a known and complete problem and reduce it to this new problem. Now, the second step is what confuses students many times. Often, they'll show the reduction in the other direction. That's not really proving anything. We already know that every problem in NP can be reduced to this known NP-complete problem. And even if they marked it this way, that they're trying to do a reduction from set independent sets, actually, in the proof, they actually do the reduction the other way. It's meaningless if you do the reduction in the other way. So this is the difficult part for students sometimes. You have to make sure that you're doing a reduction from the known NP-complete problem to this new problem that you're trying to show as NP-complete because you want to show that you can reduce every problem and NP to this new problem in order to prove that this new problem is computationally difficult. It's NP-complete. So next, we're going to dive in and we're going to prove some problems such as independent set problem are, in fact, NP-complete.