So let's recap where we are. Our goal is to show that Z raised to the power P minus one is congruent to 1 mod P. What have we done so far? We've looked at these two sets S, which are the possible values for Z. One, two, up to P minus one, and we have this set S Prime, which we obtained by taking the elements of S, multiplying each one by Z, and then taking at mod P. So, we have this set of elements, and we've shown, that S and S Prime are the same. Just in possibly different order. Now, we're going to use that fact that S and as Prime are the same, in order to prove this theorem statement. So, what are we going to do.? We're going to multiply the elements of S together, and we're going to multiply the elements of S Prime together. The elements are the same, just in possibly different order. So, when we multiply the elements of S together, we should get the same product, as when we multiply the elements of S Prime together. So, when we multiply the elements of S together, what do we get? We get 1 times 2 times 3 up to P minus 1. When we multiply the elements of S Prime together, what do we get? We get one time Z, then we get two times Z, then we get three times Z, and so on, the last term is P minus one times Z. And these are the same, modulo P. So, on the left hand side, we've got the elements of S multiply together. On the right hand side, we've got the elements of S Prime multiplied together. So, we've got the same numbers, just in different order, and we're taking it mod P, because these sets are the same with respect to mod P. What do we got on the left hand side? Let's just simplify it a little bit. This is P minus 1 factorial right? What do we got in the right hand side? Well, we got Z, Z, Z. How many Z's do we got? We got P minus one Z's. Now that looks good. Now we're starting to look like the theorem statement. And what else do we got? We got one times two times three, up to P minus one. So, we got another P minus one factorial. And these are the same mod P. Okay? Can we get rid of this P minus one factorial? In normal real arithmetic, we can just cancel it out. We cancel out here. Well, does the inverse exist? Notice P is prime. So, that means that there is an inverse for one, two, up to P minus one. Each of these numbers has an inverse mod P. Each of these P minus one numbers has an inverse mod P, because P is a prime. So, they're all relatively prime to P. So, we can multiply both sides by these inverses. And what happens? We get rid of this one times two times three, up to P minus one from both sides. So that cancels out the P minus 1 factorial. And then, what are we left with? We're left with, one is congruent to Z to the P minus one mod P. Which is the theorem statement we're trying to prove. So we're done.