Now I misled you a little bit. We're going to use a generalization of Fermat's little theorem called Euler's theorem. So from this little theory as Gann says, if P is a prime then for every Z between one and P minus one, we take that Z raised to the power P minus one is congruent to 1 mod P. Euler's theorem is going to generalize it to any number N here instead of just a prime number P. So Euler's theorem replaces P by any N, not necessarily a prime number, and any Z but we need that Z and N are relatively prime to each other. By relatively prime, we mean that the GCD of Z and N is one. Now if Z and N are relatively prime to each other then we're going to perform an operation similar to Fermat's a little theorem. So we're going to raise Z to the power phi of N, I'll tell you what phi of N is in a second, and that's going to be congruent to one. Now what is this crazy phi of N? When N is a prime then phi of N is P minus one or N minus one. In general, what does it phi of N? It's a number of integers between one and N which are relatively prime to N. So in other words, it's the size of the set of those Xs where X is between one and N and X is relatively prime to N, which means that the GCD of X and N is one, and we want to look at the cardinality of this set. How many Xs between one and N, or N minus one, have GCD of one with N? This function phi of N is called Euler's totient function. Try to say that ten times quickly. So let's take a look at what Euler's totient function is for the case when N equals P is a prime number. For prime number P, what is phi of P? How many numbers between one and P are relatively prime to that prime number P? Well every number between one and P minus one, one, two, three, up to P minus one are all prime, relatively prime to P. So the number of relatively prime to P is P minus one. So if you look at Euler's theorem for the case when N is a prime number P then we're raising Z to the power of P minus one, and that's congruent to one mod P. So it's exactly the same as Fermat's little theorem. So Euler's theorem is a generalization of Fermat's little theorem to arbitrary N.