Once again, we have a number R and we're trying to determine if R is prime or composite. Now we say number Z is a Fermat witness for R. First off, Z lies between one and R minus. And crucially Z raised to the power R minus one is not congruent to one mod R. Then by Fermat's little theorem, we know that R is composite. Because if R is prime every such Z, Z raised to the power R minus one, is congruent to one mod R. So if we get a Z where is not true then this R must be composite. So Z is a witness to the fact via Fermat's little theorem that R is composite. We want to first prove that every composite number has at least one Fermat witness. So let's prove this fact. Now, R is composite so we know it has at least two divisors. So take a Z which is a divisor of R. So clearly this Z, which is a divisor of R, lies between one and R minus one. What else do we know about this Z? Well, look at its GCD. What do we know about the GCD of R and Z? Well, if we take Z to be a divisor of R then we know the greatest common divisor of these two numbers is Z itself. And since R is composite, we know this divisor is greater than one. Well, actually, this proof works for any Z where this statement is true. So any Z which is not relatively prime to R. And if R is composite, we always know there is at least two such Z's which are not relatively prime to R. Now, if the GCD of R and Z is greater than one, what do we know? Well, if you recall from our previous lecture about modular arithmetic, what about the inverse of Z mod R? We know it does not exist. There is no inverse of Z mod R. Why? Because the inverse of Z mod R exist, if and only if the GCD of R and Z is one. They're relatively prime to each other. Now, we want a proof for this Z that Z raised to the power R minus one is not congruent to one mod R. What are we going to do? Let's suppose that it is congruent to one mod R. So suppose that Z raised to the power R minus one is congruent to one mod R. That's the opposite of what we're trying to prove. So what will show is that, if this holds then we get a contradiction. How will we get a contradiction? Will show that Z has an inverse mod R. And we know that's not the case therefore we have a contradiction, therefore this assumption cannot hold, and therefore Z raised to the power R minus one must not be congruent to one mod R. Okay? Now, we have the fact that Z raised to the power R minus one is congruent one mod R. Now, Z raised to the power R minus one is the same as the following. It's the same as Z raised to the power R minus two times Z. This product is Z raised to the power R minus one. So if Z raised to the power R minus one is congruent to one mod R, then Z raised to the R minus two times Z is also congruent to one mod R. Now, look at this statement. Z times Z to the R minus two is congruent to one mod R. That means that Z has an inverse. What's its inverse? It's this number Z to the are minus two. Because when we look at the product of these two, it's one mod R. That's the definition of the inverse. So Z to the R minus two is the inverse of Z and Z is the inverse of Z to the R minus two. But we know that Z does not have an inverse mod R, therefore we have a contradiction. And thus, this assumption cannot hold and therefore we know that Z to the R minus one is not congruent to one mod R. And that proves that every composite R has at least one Fermat witness.