We just saw, if we take a solution to the subset sum instances that we specified, then using the first n digits that specifies a true-false assignment for the n variables X_1 through X_n. Now, using the remaining n digits, we're going to show that that assignment that we just specify corresponds to a satisfying assignment. It satisfies the input formula f. First n digits correspond to the variables, the next m digits correspond to clauses. So let's look at digit n plus j, where j varies between one and n, so digit n plus j corresponds to clause C_j. In our definition of the subsets sum instance, we put a three in digit n plus j of t. So we need to achieve a sum of three in digit n plus j. In order to get a sum of three digit and plus j, we have to include at least one of the numbers corresponding to the literal appearing in clause C_j. If we satisfy exactly one literal in C_j, then we use both S_j and S_j prime as buffer numbers and then we get a sum of three. If we satisfy exactly two literals in this clause, then we either include S_j or S_j prime in our subset S, and that gives us a sum of three. If we satisfy exactly three literals in this clause, then we don't need to use either of these buffer numbers, S_j or S_j prime. Just using these three satisfied literals gives us a sum of three in this digit n plus j. If we satisfy zero of the literals in this clause, then there is no way to achieve a sum of three in this digit, and therefore, we don't have a solution to the subset sum problem. We're assuming we have a solution, therefore, we must have at least one satisfied literal in this clause. Thus, C_j is satisfied and thus, every clause is satisfied. And therefore, we have a satisfying assignment for f. So we've shown that a solution to this subset sum instance corresponds to a satisfying assignment for our 3SAT formula. And we've actually shown how to transform this solution to the subset sum problem to find the satisfying assignment to the 3SAT's formula. Now let's prove the reverse implication. Let's prove that if we have a satisfying assignment for this 3SAT formula, it corresponds to the solution to the subset sum problem.