Our goal is to choose a subset S which is a representative of the set A. What exactly do we mean by representative of the set A? We want that the median of this subset S is also a reasonable approximation to the median of the set A. Now the median of A has half the elements smaller than it and half the elements bigger than it. Now in order for the media of S to approximate this median, what we want is that each element of S is somehow has a similar flavor. So we want that each element of S has the following property. We want that there a few elements of A that we can guarantee are at most X and a few elements of A are at least X so that these elements of A, which are represented by this element X. What exactly do we mean by few? Well, let's say it's two. We have at least two elements of A, which are at most X and at least two elements, which are at least X and then if we combine, add in X itself, then we've got five elements here that we're considering. We want to look at sets of five elements and we want X to represent that set of five elements. So what we're going to do is we're going to break A into N over five groups of five elements each. Let's assume N is a power of five, so that this can be done cleanly. Now how are we going to get this subset S from this partition of A? Well, we're going to choose one representative from each group. Each group is going to choose or we're going to choose one representative one element of this group, which is going to represent the group in the following sense. It's going to represent the group in the sense that at least two of the elements of this group are at most the chosen element, and at least two of the elements are at least the chosen element. Let's take a look at a particular group to see how we do this. Let's look at a group G consisting of the elements X1, X2, X3, X4, X5. Now who do we want to choose from this group to represent this group in the sense that we talked about just before? Let's look at this group sorted. Let's sort the group and relabel it so that X1 is the most, X2 is a most, X3 and so on. Now who are we're going to choose to represent it in this sense? Well, we're going to choose the middle element. The median of this group. X3 has the desired property. At least three elements of G are at most X3, including X3 itself, and at least three elements including X3 again are at least X3. If we take the median of each of these groups, then that gives N over five elements and each of those chosen elements in the subset S, it represents a distinct group of five elements so that each have this desired property and this subset S is going to be a good representative sample of this entire array A. And that's it. Now we have the whole idea for finding a good pivot. We take this array A, we break it into N over five groups of five elements each. F. Or each group, what we do is we sort it. How long does it take us to sort? Well, notice this group is of five elements. So sorting it takes order one time. It doesn't matter what algorithm we use. If we take an exponential time algorithm, exponential N five is still order one. So it takes us order one time to sort this group and then we can take the median element of this group and that's going to be the representative sample for this group and we take the one median to one representative sample from each group. That gives us N over five samples and that gives us our subset S and then we take the median that subset S, recursively we find it and that gives us the pivot that we use for A. And then we're going to prove that that pivot that we find, which is the median of this subset S, is a good pivot. Let's go ahead and detail the pseudo code for this algorithm and then we'll go back and look at the claims that we're making about this pivot, being a good pivot, and look at the running time of our algorithm.