The solution is the following. I take the first two literals, X_2_bar or X_3 or Y, the new variable. That's the first clause. The second clause is the following, I take y_bar or X_1_bar, the third literal or Z. The last clause is Z_bar or X_4_bar, the fourth literal, or X_5, the fifth literal. Instead of formally proving this now, let me give you a quick idea of the proof and then we'll do the general construction and then we'll prove the general construction is correct. Let's suppose that we have a satisfying assignment for C and let's see how we construct a satisfying assignment for C_prime. So, one of these five literals must be satisfied. Let's suppose the middle one, X_1_bar is satisfied, so X_1 is set to false, so that's going to satisfy the second clause. How do we satisfy the first and third clause? Well, here we use these auxiliary variables, setting Y to true satisfies the first clause and setting Z to false satisfies the last clause. And in general, one of these five is going to be satisfied, that's going to satisfy one of these three clauses. And then we can use these other two auxiliary variables to satisfy the other two clauses. How about the reverse implication? Suppose we have a satisfying of assignment for _prime, how do we get a satisfying assignment for C? Well, take the case where Y is false, so this literal is not satisfied so, one of these two literals must be satisfied. If one of these two literals is satisfied, they're satisfied here as well, so C is satisfied. Now, suppose that Z is set to true, then this literal Z_bar is not satisfied. So, one of these two literals must be satisfied, either X_4 is set to false or X_5 is set to true, in which case, one of these last two literals of C is satisfied. The last case is a complement of these two. Y is set to true and Z is set to false. Well, since we're taking a satisfying assignment for C_prime, look at how this second clause can be satisfied. Y is set to true and Z is set to false so these two literals are not satisfied. So the only way to satisfy this clause is to set X_1 to false. So if X_1 is set to false, then we satisfy this third literal in C. Now, let's do the general construction. Let's say we have a clause of size K. Now we're going to create a series of clauses which is equivalent to this original clause. Now when we had a clause of size four, we added one new variable and we had a pair of clauses. When we had a clause of size five, we created two new variables and then we have a triple of clauses. Now, if we have a clause of size K, we're going to create a K minus three new variables and we're going to create K minus two clauses. So, let's go ahead and do the general construction.