Now let's prove the reverse implication. So let's take an assignment to these original K literals and these auxiliary, K minus three variables which satisfy C prime. Let's prove that there is a satisfying assignment for C. What we'll do is we'll just ignore these auxiliary variables and we'll prove that these are settings where these original K literals, satisfies the original clause. Now in order to satisfy this clause C, we just need to show that at least one of these literals is set to true. Let's suppose that's not the case. Suppose all of these K literals are set to false. Under this assumption, is it possible to satisfy C prime? We'll show it's not possible. Now we're supposing we have an assignment which satisfy C prime. So it satisfies all of these clauses. Let's look at the first clause. Now we're supposing that a1 and a2 are set to false. So the first two literals are not satisfied. So the third literal must be satisfied. That means Y1 must be set to true. That's the only way to satisfy this clause, under this assumption. Similarly, let's look at the second clause. What we're seeing Y1 is true. So this literal is not satisfied. Also a3, we're assuming is set to false. So this literal is not satisfied. So, we better satisfied this third literal, Y2. So, Y2 has to be set to true. Continuing in on, look at the penultimate clause. In order to satisfy this penultimate clause, we have to satisfy this literal. So, we have to set Yk-3 to be true. Now look at the last clause, where Yk-3 is set to true. So this literal is not satisfied. Similarly, these last two literals are not satisfied because they're set to false. So this clause is not satisfied. That means that C prime is not satisfied. That's a contradiction. We were assuming that this was assignment which satisfied C prime. So that means, that this assumption that all of these literals are set to false, is not true. So at least one of them must be set to true and therefore that literal satisfies this clause C. So if we just ignore the assignment to these auxiliary variables, then the setting for the original literals satisfies this original clause.