Let's prove this equivalence and hopefully it seems obvious given what we've shown so far. So let's start with the forward implication So let's take an assignment to the original n variables which satisfies the original formula f. Now we want to show that keeping this assignment the same for these original n variables there is an assignment to the new variables so that this new formula f prime is satisfied. Now since we're keeping the assignment for these n variables the same and the new variables are as distinct for each new clause. Therefore, we can look at it a clause by clause. So let's look at clause C in the original formula f. If C has at most three literals then it's obvious. If C is bigger than size three then we replace C by this sequence of K minus two clauses called C prime. Now the key is that C prime uses K minus three new variables. These variables only appear in C prime for C. They don't appear in any other sequence of clauses. So the new variables for C are distinct from the new variables for any other clause. So we can set these variables however you want with respect to C and this won't affect any other clauses. And what we saw before is that there is an assignment to these K minus three new variables so that this new formulas C prime is satisfied. In particular, we took the first literal was satisfied in C, call it Ai and then we set the first Ai minus 2 new variables to true and the remaining new variables to false. And we show that that satisfied C prime. Now let's look at the reversed implication. Let's take a satisfying assignment for f prime. And we want to ignore the assignment for the new variables and show that this assignment for the original n variable satisfies f. Consider a sequence of clauses corresponding to sum C prime in f. What we saw before is that at least one of the literals in the original clause C must be satisfied. If all of these literals in the original clause were set to false then there would be no way to satisfy this sequence of clauses C prime. So therefore we can ignore the setting on the new variables and just looking at the setting on the original n variables. That's going to satisfy each of the clauses in the original formula f.