Let's prove this claim that for any flow f, and for any s-t cut L, R, the size of this flow equals the total flow out of the set L minus the total flow into the set L. Let's look at the right hand side, so we have the flow out of the set L, minus the flow into the set L. Now, the first term, the flow out of the set L, that's the sum of edges of the graph, where the head of the edge is in the set L, and the tail of the edge is outside of the set L. And we look at the flow along that edge, that's the flow out of the set L. Now for the flow into the set L, we're going to sum over edges W to V, where W is outside the set L, and V is inside the set L, and we look at the flow along that edge W, V. Now I've labeled these edges VW, and this one WV, so that V is always the vertex in the set L. Now, this captures the flow out of L, and the flow into L. Now, want to add an additional term, so we're going to add it and subtract it that at the same time, and therefore we still have equality. I'm going to look those edges VW, where V is in L, and W is in L and I'm going to add in the flow along those edges, and I'm going to subtract off the same term but I'm going to label the edge by WV instead of VW. But I'm going to be summing up over the same set of edges. Just labeled differently. Now,take the first and the third term, these are the positive terms. This considers the edges from V that go to R, and this considers the edges from V that go to L. So if I combine them together, I have all edges out of V. This first term, and this third term combined give us the sum of all vertices in the set L of the total flow out of this vertex L. Similarly, this term and this term give the flow into the vertex V because this term gives the flow of the edges from R to V, and this gives from L to V. So, combined they give the total flow into V. Now let's distinguish one particular vertex. The set L contains the source vertex, s. What do we know about the source vertex? Well, the flow in is zero. So we only have the flow out of it. So, let's take out s from this set L. So now we have a sum of vertices V in the set L minus s, and we have the flow out of this vertex V minus the flow into this vertex V. We dropped the term for s, so we have the flow out of s. We also dropped the term for the flow into s but we said that's zero, so we can drop it. Now what do you notice for all these vertices which are not s? The flow out has to equal the flow in. That's the definition of a valid flow, conservation of flow. So these two terms are equal, so this whole sum is zero, and all we're left with is the total flow out of s which is the size of f. The total size of this flow is equal to the flow out of s. Therefore, we've shown that the size of f equals the flow out of L minus a flow into L which is the claim that we wanted to prove.