Let's take a look now at the properties of this cut we just constructed and let's use as an illustration our earlier example of a flow network. Here's our example of a flow network G with the capacities marked in red. We're looking at a flow f star which has no ST path in the residual network G superscript f star. Here's an example of such a flow f star with the green numbers indicating the flow. Now let's look at this residual network for this flow f star. Recall some properties of this residual network. For example, this edge from E to D has positive flow so the reverse edge from D to E appears in this graph. Also the edge from E to D has some spare capacity available so the edge from E to D itself appears there. Similarly, this edge from D to C has some flow along it so the reverse edge from C to D appears. But the edge from D to C has no leftover capacity available so the forward edge does not appear in this residual network. Now the capacities on these edges in the residual network are not important. What's important are simply which edges are present or not. We define this set L, to be the set of vertices reachable from the source vertex in this residual network. Let's look at the set L in this example. So certainly s itself is reachable from S, also B is reachable and then we reach E and D and A. So these five vertices are the set L and the remaining three vertices are the set R and that defines our ST cut LR. By assumption, T is not reachable from S in this residual network therefore T is an R, so it's a valid ST cut. Let's look at some properties of this ST cut LR. For convenience let me draw this L on the original graph as well. Let's look at edges in the original graph which go from the set L outside to R, D to T is one such example, D to C is another example and S to C is another example. Now notice that none of these edges appear in the residual network. Why? Because L is the set of vertices reachable from S so this edge from D to T appeared in this residual network, then T would be added into the set L. It would be reachable from S and then we'd have a contradiction with the definition of L. So for any edge in the original graph, say from V to W, if this edge leaves the set L, so V is in L and W is in R, well we know that this edge does not appear in the residual network so what does that say about the flow along this edge? This edge must be fully capacitated and therefore the forward edge does not appear in the residual network so the flow along this edge equals its capacity. Now since every edge from L to R is fully capacitated, what does this say about the total flow out of L? Well it's equal to the capacity from L to R. The total flow out is equal to the total capacity from L to R. Recall that this capacity was defined as edges going from L to R. It doesn't count edges going from R to L. Well that's good we're close to what we want to prove. Now let's take a look at the edges that are going from R into L in the original graph. There is only one such edge in this example, the edge going from F into E. So consider an edge Z to Y in the original graph whereas Z is in R and Y is in this set L. What do we know about the flow along this edge from Z to Y, say from F to E? What's flow zero, why? Because this edge from E to F, the reverse edge does not appear in this residual network. If it did appear then F would be included in the set L which it's not so since the back edge does not appear in the residual network, then this forward edge has to have flow zero. Since this is true for all edges into the set L, we conclude that the total flow into L is zero in this flow f star. Now we proved earlier for any flow f star and any ST cut, LR, that the size of this flow f star equals the flow out of L minus the flow into L. What we've seen so far for this ST cut LR, the flow out of this set L is equal to the capacity and the flow in equal zero. So that means the size of this flow equals the capacity of this cut LR. This statement is exactly what we need to prove in order to finish the proof of the max flow main cut theorem. So that completes the proof of the theorem.