Now let's go back to our earlier slide. We're trying to prove this inequality. We're trying to prove that the size of the max flow is at least the minimum capacity of an s-t cut. To do that, we took any flow which has no augmenting path in the residual network, and we constructed a s-t cut. How do we construct the s-t cut? We set L to be the set of vertices reachable from s, in this residual network. Since, there is no augmenting path, there is no s-t path in this residual network. So, t is not reachable from s. So, t is in the set R and s is in the set L. So, this is a valid s-t cut. And then, what we just proved is that the size of this flow, f*, is equal to the capacity of this cut. Therefore, the max flow is at least this size, and the min s-t cut capacity is at most this. So the max flow is at least the min s-t cut capacity. So we proved this inequality, and earlier we proved the other inequality, and therefore, that completes the proof of the max flow min cut theorem. We've proved that the max flow size equals the capacity of the min s-t cut. Notice, we've also proven the earlier, lemma that we claimed. We've shown, that for any flow that has no augmenting path in the residual network, we can construct an s-t cut, where the size of this flow equals the capacity of the s-t cut. Now the only way we can have equality here is if both of these are optimal. So this must be a max flow and this must be a min s-t cut. So, first off, this proves that Ford-Fulkerson algorithm, or any algorithm, which stops when there is no augmenting path in the residual network is correct. It outputs a max flow, but secondly, it shows us a way of constructing a min s-t cut. If we take a max flow f*, and we set L to be those vertices reachable from s in the residual network, then that s-t cut, that we just defined, has capacity equal to the size of this flow. So the capacity here must be optimal, this must be a min s-t cut. So we have a way of verifying that we have a max flow, and we have a way, given a max flow of constructing an s-t cut of minimum capacity, and were going to use that in our image segmentation application, and were going to use this lemma about a flow being optimal if there is no augmenting path in the residual network, for proof of correctness not only a Ford-Fulkerson algorithm, but also of Edmonds-Karp algorithm.