Let's take our input to the two set problem. This is the formula, F. And we can assume that all clauses are of size exactly two, as we just mentioned. And let's let N denote the number of variables in our formula. Let's call them X1 through XN, and let's say M is the number of clauses in our formula. We want to convert this logic problem into a graph problem. So what we are going to do is we're going to take this Boolean formula and we're going to create a directed graph. This graph is going to encode all of the information in this formula. Now first off, the vertices of this graph are going to correspond to the variables of this formula. There are end variables and there are two N literals, X1, X1 Bar, X2, X2 Bar, XN, XN Bar. So we're going to have two N vertices. One vertex for each literal, and then we're going to have two M edges in this directed graph. We're going to have two edges for each clause. Each clause has two implications, and the two edges are going to correspond to the two implications per clause. Let's look at a specific example and then we can see what we mean by implications per clause. Here's a sample formula with three variables and three clauses. Our graph is going to have six vertices corresponding to the six literals, X1, X1 Bar, X2, X2 Bar, X3, X3 Bar. And let's look at the first clause, X1 Bar or X2 Bar. Suppose that we set X1 to be true. So this first literal is not satisfied, then we better satisfy the second literal in order to satisfy the formula. So if X1 is set to true, then what does that mean about X2? Then X2 better be set to false in order to satisfy this formula. Similarly if X2 is set to true. So this literal is not satisfied, then we've got to satisfy the first literal. So we need to set X1 to be false. So to encode these implications, we're going to add in the edge from X1 to X 2 Bar. If this literal X1 is satisfied so X1 is set to true then we have to satisfy the literal X2 Bar. So we have an edge from X1 to X2 Bar. And similarly we have an edge from X2 to X1 Bar. Similarly, for this clause we have an edge from X2 Bar to X3 and from X3 Bar to X2. Finally, for the last clause we have an implication from X3 to X1 Bar and from X1 to X3 Bar. So this is our graph corresponding to this formula. And in general if we have a clause which has literals alpha and beta, so we have alpha or beta is the clause, then we're going to have the edges from Alpha Bar to beta because if we don't satisfy alpha then we have to satisfy beta and we are going to have the other edges from beta Bar to Alpha.