So we try to write Recurrence for D of i, s, t. We did the case where the vertex i is not on the shortest path from s to t. And now we want to do the case where vertex i is on the path from s to t. And we're talking about shortest path which only used vertices one through i as intermediate vertices. So, let's try to figure out the recurrence for this case where i is on the shortest path from s to t. Let's look at our path graphically. We're starting at s, we're ending at t. We know at some point in the middle, we go through vertex i. What are other vertices that we possibly use? We use a subset of vertices one through i as intermediate vertices. Vertex i is here, so the other vertices that we can possibly use are a subset of vertices one through i minus one. We don't know anything about that subset, what order or which particular vertices in that subset are used but, it's a subset of one through i minus one. Now, what does this path look like? It starts at s and then it goes through some subset of vertices one through i minus one. It might be the empty subset of these or might be all of them. We don't know. Just goes from s to some subset here then at some point, it visits vertex i. After it visits vertex i, what happens? It goes to some subset of vertices one through i minus one. Might be the empty subset, not sure. It might be the full subset. And then, afterwards what happens? It finishes at vertex t. So our path can be broken up into these four segments. S to this subset, then it's going, moving around in that subset. It might be an empty subset so in which case it's actually skipping, it's going directly from s to i. But it goes from s to this subset, towards around the subset, goes to i, back down and then goes around the subset and possibly empty, visit, and then back to t. So we have these four segments of our path. Let's rewrite this partition of the path into these four parts in words. So we're starting at vertex s, we visit some subset of vertices one through i minus one possibly empty subset. And we visit vertex i then we go back and visit some subset of vertices one through i minus one and then we go to vertex t. And we're trying to express d of i, s, t. Now, given our insight of breaking up this path from to s to t into these four parts, now it will be straightforward to write a recurrence for d of i, s,t.