So what we've done so far in our reduction is for each edge in the original network G. We've added that edge to this new network G-prime, and the capacity of that edge in the new network is the original capacity shifted by the demand. Now we're going to have to add additional edges to this graph. Let's get some intuition for what these additional edges have to accomplish. Now we want a valid flow here in this graph G-prime to correspond to a feasible flow here. So suppose we have a zero flow here. So we have flow zero from s to a, zero from a to b, and zero from a to t. Now what is that going to correspond to over here? Well, zero flow along this edge is going to correspond to flow three along this edge. Zero here is going to correspond to flow one here, and zero here is going to correspond to flow seven here, because the minimum flow here is going to correspond to the minimum flow here. Now certainly zero flow here is valid. The flow into a is zero and the flow out of a is zero. But over here, we have flow in of three units and we have flow out of eight units. So it's not a valid flow over here. The flow into a does not equal the flow out of a. So we need to offset that somehow in this graph so that a valid flow here will correspond to at least a valid flow here. We're going to accomplish that by adding an edge from s-prime to each of these vertices of the original network, and from each of these vertices of the original network to t-prime will have an edge. Let's look first at the edges from s-prime to each of the vertices of the original network. So for each vertex in the original network, we add this edge from s-prime to v. Now, what is the capacity of this edge from s-prime to v in this new network G-prime? Well, we shifted the capacity along this edge into a by three units corresponding to the demand into a. We want to offset that by this edge from s-prime to a. So we're going to define the capacity of this edge to be the demand into the vertex v. So the total demand into the vertex a in the original network is three units. So the capacity of this edge from s-prime to a will be three units. Now t has total demand in of seven plus two, so nine units. So this edge will have capacity nine, b has demand in five units, so this edge has capacity five, and s, of course, has zero demand in. So this edge has zero capacity. Similarly, we are going to add edges from each of these vertices of the original network to t-prime. Now we'll put these in a different color just to differentiate them from the edges from s-prime. So we have s to t-prime, a to t-prime, t to t-prime and b to t-prime. What is the capacity of these edges to the vertex t-prime? Well, from s-prime, that captured the demand into the vertex v and these edges to t-prime are going to capture the demand out of the vertex v. So vertex s has demand out of seven, so this edge has capacity seven. Vertex a has total demand out of eight, so this edge has capacity eight. T, of course, has zero demand out, and b, in this example, has demand out of two. So, that fully specifies our graph G-prime which is our input to the max-flow problem. Now we have to discuss how a solution to this max-flow instance corresponds to a solution to the feasible flow problem.