To illustrate the reduction it'll be useful to have a running example and we can fill in the numbers as we go along. So let's consider this input formula to the 3SAT problem. It consists of three variables and four clauses. For variable X1, there'll be two numbers, the V1 and V1 prime, similarly for X2, there'll be V2 and V2 prime and for X3, there'll be V3 and V3 prime. In addition there'll be two numbers for each clause, so we have S1 and S1 prime for clause one, S2 and S2 prime for clause two, S3, S3 prime, S4, S4 prime for the last two clauses and finally we have t which is our desired sum. These 15 numbers specify the input to the subset-sum problem. These numbers are going to be seven digits long. The digits correspond to the variables, three variables and clauses, four clauses. The first three digits correspond to the three variables, X1, X2, X3, the next four digits correspond to the four clauses. Now in assignment to f, either sets X1 to true or false, so we wanted that a subset-sum solution either includes V1 or V1 prime in the subset. How do we ensure that? We put a one in the first digit for V1, V1 prime and t. For all other numbers, we put a zero in the first digit. Now assuming there's no carry from the other digits, how can our subset of numbers achieve a sum of one in the first digit? Well, the only way is to include either V1 or V1 prime but not both and not neither. So we have to include exactly one of these two in order to achieve a sum of one in the first digit. Similarly we put a one in the second digit for V2 and V2 prime and for t, and in the third digit we put a one for V3, V3 prime and t. Then we put a zero for all other numbers in the second and third digits. This ensures that exactly one of V2 and V2 prime is in the subset and exactly one of V3 and V3 prime is in the solution to the subset-sum problem. So now we know that any solution to the subset-sum problem corresponds to an assignment. Now we have to ensure that it corresponds to a satisfying assignment. So for that we use these remaining four digits.