How do we find this Y? Or a better question is, what were the conditions that we needed on this Y? What do we need out of this Y? What we wanted that when we plug this Y in, that the left hand side was the objective function. Actually, we just need that it's at least the objective function. If the left hand side would have been X1 plus 7X2 plus 10X3, then, that still would have served as an upper bound on the objective function. Is that would be only bigger, so any upper bound on that new function would serve as an upper bound also on the original objective function. So let's ignore this specific Y. What are the conditions, once again, that we need on this Y? What we need that this left hand side is at least the objective function. So we need that the coefficient for X1 which is Y1 plus Y3, we need to be at least the coefficient of X1 in the objective function. So we need that Y1 plus Y3 is at least one. Similarly, for X2, we need that Y2 plus 3Y3 plus Y4 is at least six. And 2Y3 plus 3y4 is at least 10. Now any Y satisfying these three constraints, when we plug it in, the left hand side will be at least the value of the objective function. So the right hand side will serve as an upper bound on the left hand side and therefore, is also an upper bound on the original objective function. So any Y satisfying these three constraints, gives us, yields an upper bound on the objective function. So we want to get the smallest possible upper bound. So we want to minimize the right hand side and this way we get the smallest possible upper bound. So our objective is to minimize 300y1 plus 200y2 plus 1000y3 plus 500y4. This is the right hand side here. And this is our dual LP. This is in fact a linear program. We're just trying to find the feasible Ys. Those Ys satisfying these three constraints and we want to find the feasible Y which minimizes this objective function. So our original LP had a maximization. Now we have a minimization and our constraints originally were less than or equal to constraints and now they flipped to at least constraints. And notice that all these numbers, these coefficients are related to the original LP. Look, in our new objective function, where do we get 300, 200, 1000 and 500 from? Well these are the right hand sides here. The right hand side there came from the right hand sides of the original constraints. So the right hand sides of the original constraints tell us the coefficients for our new LP. Where did the right hand side for these three constraints come from? Well these came from the coefficients in the objective function. So the coefficients in the original objective function define the right hand sides in this dual LP constraints. And the right hand side in the original LP constraints define the objective function in this dual LP. So there's this sort of symmetry. Finally, where do the left hand side of the constraints come from? Well this first constrain, these are the terms which contain X1. Which constrains contain X1? Well the first constrain and the third constraint contain X1 and therefore, Y1 and Y3 appear in the first constraint. Which constrains contain X2? The second one, the third one and the fourth one. And therefore, in the second constraint, we have Y2, Y3 and Y4 appear because the second, third and fourth contain X2. One last note, notice, we have four constraints in the original LP. We're going to take a linear combination of these four constraints. We want to find out what are the coefficients in that linear combination. So our variables, we're going to have four variables in our new LP, one corresponding to each of the constraints. So there are four constraints. Our new LP will have four variables and our original LP had three variables, and that's going to yield three constraints because we have to look at the coefficients for each of those variables and make sure they're at least the coefficients in the original objective function. So a number of variables in the original LP defines the number of constraints in the new LP, the dual LP. And the number of constraints in the original LP, defines the number of variables in the new dual LP.