Now, let's look at the general formulation of this Dual LP. Now, the original LP, the primal LP, is of the following form. Where maximizing C transpose X, subject to the constraints, a times x is at most b, and x is at least zero. Now, this LP has N variables, X is a vector of size N, and it has M constraints. Capital A is a matrix of size M by N. It has M rows and N columns. Now, what is a Dual LP? Now, instead of maximizing, we're trying to minimize. We're trying to minimize the profit. We're trying to find the smallest upper bound possible on the profit. We took a linear combination of these constraints, and the right hand side was our objective function. We're trying to minimize the right hand side. The right hand side is defined by this vector b. So, our objective function is going to be minimize_b_transpose_y. Now, the right hand side of our constraints comes from the objective function, the coefficients and the objective function. So, there are constraints. The right hand side is going to be at least C. How do we get the left hand side? We look at these constraints and we check which ones contain x1, the first and the third. What does that correspond to in this matrix A? That corresponds to the first column on the matrix A. The first column tells us which constrains contain x1. The second column tells us which constrains to contain x2. Second, third, and fourth. And therefore, we have a y2, y3, and y4 term. So, instead of looking at the matrix A, we're going to look at A transpose, because we're interested in the columns of A. And we're going to multiply this by Y. So, our constraints are going to be a transpose times Y is at least C. And once again, we have that Y is non-negative. So, given a primal LP in canonical form, this is the dual LP. And whereas the primal LP has M constraints, the dual LP has M variables. And the primal LP has N variables, the dual LP will have N constrains. One last note, in order to apply this formulation of the dual LP, we need that the primal LP is in canonical form. So, all the constrains have to be less than or equal to, and the objective function has to be a maximization problem. But, we discussed earlier how to convert any LP into canonical.