So, we want to prove the following statement: Our three set input F has a satisfying assignment, if and only after our graph we construct has an independent set of size at least g. So there's a solution to this independence set problem, if and only if there's a solution to the original three set input. Let's start with the forward direction. So, consider a satisfying assignment for F, and we'll construct an independent set in this graph of size at least g. Now, this assignment satisfies the formula. So what do we know about it? We know for each clause, at least one of the literals and that clause is satisfied. Since there's at least one satisfied literal in every clause, take one of those satisfied literals, exactly one. Now this literal in this clause, corresponds to a vertex. We're going to add that vertex into the set S. Now, what do we know about the size of S? Well, as contains exactly one vertex per clause. So the size of S is m and recall that our goal little g was set to be m. So this set S is of the goal required size. Now we just have to prove that S is an independent set. Now, S contains exactly one vertex per clause, and it never contains both X_i and X_i bar. Why does it not contain both X_i and X_i bar? Because it corresponds to an assignment, an assignment either sets X_i to be true, in which case we might include copies of X_i, or we set X_i to be false, in which case we might include copies of X_i bar, but we wouldn't include any copies of X_i. Because there is at most one vertex per clause, we know that there is no clause edges contained in this set S. And because we never include a vertex X_i, and a vertex X_i bar, we know that there are no variable edges contained in this set S. So therefore, there are no edges contained in this set S, so, S is an independent set and it's an independent set of size equal to g of our goal size. So we've constructed an independent set of size equal to g in this graph. So we've proved the forward direction, we've proven that if we take a satisfying assignment, we can construct an independent set of the desired size in this graph. Now we can try to do the reverse direction.