Here's a key idea for relating independent sets and cliques in a graph. Let's compare a clique and independent set. A clique is fully connected which means that I have all edges within the pairs of S. In contrast, an independent set has no edges within the set S. For an independent set, for any pair X,Y in S, they are not connected by an edge. Whereas for clique, for any pair X,Y within S, they are connected by an edge. So they are opposites of each other. Clique is opposite of independent set and vice versa. Now we're going to have to take an undirected graph where we want to solve the independent set problem on this graph. Now we are assuming that we have an algorithm to solve the clique problem. So we want to transform this input for the independent set problem into an equivalent input for the clique problem. What should we do? Well, we should take the opposite of this graph. What exactly do we mean by the opposite? Well, let's formalize it now. We're going to denote the opposite of G as G bar to complement. It's going to have the same vertex set and the edges are going to be the complement of the edges here. So the edges in E bar are those pairs X,Y which are not an edge in E. So in other words, a pair X,Y is an edge in G bar, if and only if, the pair X,Y is not an edge in E. So it's not an edge in E, then it's an edge in E bar. If it is an edge in E, then it's not an edge in E bar. Now we can formalize this key idea, that clique and independent sets are opposites of each other. Now our observation is that S is an independent set in the original graph G, if and only if that same set S is a clique in the complement graph G bar. So if I look at a graph G and its complement graph, its opposite graph, then a set S is an independent set in the original graph, if and only if the set S is a clique in the opposite graph G bar. Now I call it an observation because it doesn't really require a proof after observing this statement. If S is an independent set, that means for all pairs of vertices X,Y and S, they are not connected by an edge. And therefore, in G bar, they are connected by an edge. And therefore, S is fully connected in G bar. And similarly, if S is a clique in G bar that means all pairs X,Y are connected by an edge than in the original graph G, all pairs are not connected by an edge. And therefore, it's an independent set. S does not contain any edges in the original graph G.