Now let's look at a specific edge of the graph. Let's say goes from vertex z to vertex w. Now, that edge is going to appear in this graph over here of the DFS tree. It's either going to appear as a black edge, an explored edge, or as a blue edge. Let's look at the properties of this edge based on whether it's a black edge or it's a blue edge and what type of blue edge. Now, the black edges correspond to explored edges or edges of this tree, this DFS tree. Notice in this example, the DFS tree happened to be a tree. Every vertex happens to be reachable from the vertex B. It doesn't have to be the case. It could be a forest. We could have multiple components here. So, actually this should be called forest edges, but let's ignore that. We call this a DFS tree, even though it might be a forest. Some examples of these tree edges are B to A, A to D, and so on. All of the black edges are tree edges. Now, let's look at the properties of the post order numbers for these tree edges. Let's take the example of A to D. So we started exploring from A. Then we saw this neighbor D. So we recursively started exploring from D. We're going to finish off D, and assign a post order number, and then we're going to pop back to A. So, A is going to finish after D. So, the post order number of A is going to be bigger than the post order number of D, because it's going to finish later. And in general, the post order number of the head of this edge is going to be bigger than the post order number of the tail of this edge if it's a tree edge. Now, let's look at the blue edges. There's going to be three types of blue edges. Back edges, forward edges, and cross edges. The examples of back edges in this graph are E to A and F to B. The edge goes from a descendant to an ancestor. So, these are edges that go back up the tree. Now, let's take a specific example. Let's say E to A. Notice we're going to finish off E before we finish off A. So, in this case, the post order number of E is going to be smaller than the post order number of A. And in general, for back edges, the post order number of the head of the edge is going to be smaller than the post order number of the tail of the edge. This is opposite for the case of the tree edges. Now, let's look at forward edges. These are going down the tree. For example D to G. Another example of a forward edge is this edge, B to E. I forgot to notice this edge earlier when we were running DFS on our earlier example. Now what do you notice about the post order numbers for forward edges? Well, these behave just like tree edges. Tree edges are going down one depth. Forward edges are going down multiple depths. But, they have the same key property, that the post order number goes down. Finally, we have cross edges. For example, F to H and H to G. These are pairs of vertices that have no ancestor descendant relation to each other. Look at this edge from F to H. H must have been explored before F. Otherwise, H would be in the sub tree of F. Since this is an unexplored edge, that means that H was finished first, so the post order number of H is going to be smaller than the post order number of F. So, once again, the post order number goes down with the edge. Now, the key property is that for back edges, the post order number goes up. For all other edges, the other three types of edges, tree edges, forward edges, and cross edges, the post order number goes down. Now, that is the key property that we need for post order numbers. Back edges behave differently than the other three types of edges.