Now, we took the following fact for granted in the design of our algorithm. The vertex with the highest post order number lies in a source SCC. Now, let's prove that fact so that we complete the proof of correctness of our algorithm. Let's look at the following simpler claim. Let's take a pair of strongly connected components S and S prime. Now, if some vertex in S has an edge to some vertex in S prime, then what can we say about the post order numbers for S versus S prime? What we show is that the maximum post order number in S is greater, strictly greater than the maximum post order number in S prime. Now, what does this simpler claim give us? Well, this simpler claim gives us a way to topologically sort the strongly connected components. How do we topologically sort them? We sort them by the maximum post order number in that component. So, for each strongly connected component, we're going to look at the max post order number of the vertices lying in that component. So we can think of the post order number for this component to be the max over the vertices in that component of the post order numbers. Now, we sort these strongly connected components by their post order numbers and we sort them in decreasing post order number. And this claim, this simpler claim, tells us that all edges will go from larger post order number to smaller post order number. So, all edges will go left to right in the ordering of these strongly connected components. Now, what do we know about the vertex with the highest post order number? Well, it's strongly connected component is going to have the maximum, the largest of these max post order numbers. So, its component is going to be at the beginning of this topological ordering and it's guaranteed to be a source SCC, since it's at the beginning of the topological ordering. So, therefore, the vertex with the highest post order number will be in the component which is at the beginning of the topological ordering and therefore it's a source SCC. So, if we prove this simpler claim, then this gives us a way of topologically sorting the components by the max post order number. And this implies that the vertex with the highest post order number lies in a source SCC. So, if we prove this simpler claim, it implies the fact that we used in our SCC algorithm. So all we need to prove is this simpler claim and then we're done.