Now, let's prove the main claim that we made earlier. For every vertex Z, the level of that vertex does not decrease during the course of the Edmonds-Karp algorithm. Now, the residual graph may change. We may add edges or delete edges from the residual graph, but the level of the vertex never decreases. How potentially can the level of a vertex decrease? While the level of a vertex might decrease if we add an edge from Y to Z and Y gives a shorter path to Z. Now, suddenly removing edges can decrease the level of a vertex so we can ignore removing edges. We simply have to look at adding edges and their potential effect. So suppose the level of Vertex Z is currently I and then suppose that we add this edge from Y to Z into the residual network. Now, if we add this edge from Y to Z to the residual network, what do we know? Well, as we just saw, then the reverse direction edge must be on the augmenting path. Now, we have to utilize the properties of the Edmonds-Karp algorithm. Edmonds-Karp algorithm says this path, this augmenting path is a BFS path. So we obtained this path by running BFS. Now what do we know about pass from BFS? We know that on this path, the level of the vertices increases by Plus 1 along every edge. Therefore, the level of Y must be the level of Z plus 1. We said the level of Z is i so therefore the level of Y is I plus 1. So we added this edge from Y to Z but this edge goes from a higher level to a lower level. So it certainly does not decrease the level of vertex Z. It does not give a shorter path to Z. So the level of the vertex Z does not decrease when we add this edge in. Now, this completes the proof of this claim. So we prove that the level of a vertex never decreases during the course of the Edmonds-Karp algorithm. This completes the proof of the claim but in order to bound the number of rounds of the algorithm, we're going to have to prove something stronger. We're going to have to prove that occasionally, the level of a vertex strictly increases and then this will give us a bound on the number of rounds of the algorithm.