Let me prove to you now that this fact that S and S prime are the same sets, just in different order. Recall S as a set one, two, three, up to P minus one, where P is a prime number from the hypothesis of the theorem statement. And the set S prime is the following, first element is Z mod P, the second element is 2Z mod P, and so on. The last element is P minus one times Z mod P. Now let's go ahead and prove that S and S prime are the same. We're going to show that the elements of S prime are distinct and non-zero. What are the possible values for the elements of S prime? We take them all mods P, right? So they're all between zero and P minus one. Okay. So those are possible values, zero up to P minus one. Now if we show they're all non-zero then the possible values are one, two, up to P minus one. So, this P minus one possible values. How many elements are there in S prime? Well there's P minus one elements in there. So, since the size of S prime is P minus one, and the possible values are P minus one possible values. So if they're all distinct then they must contain exactly each of these elements one time and, therefore, it's the same. S prime is the same as S, just in possibly different order. So, once we show that the elements of S prime are distinct and non-zero, we're done. Let's start off by showing that they're distinct. We'll do it by contradiction. So let's suppose they're not distinct. So let's suppose for some I not equal to J. The Ith element and the Jth element of S prime are the same. The Ith element of S prime is I times Z mod P and the Jth element of S prime is J times Z mod P. So we're supposing that the Ith element and the Jth element are the same, so that IZ is congruent to JZ mod P. Now let's use the fact that P is a prime. If P is a prime, what do we know? We know then that every element in S has an inverse mod P. So, Z is an element in S, right? Z is a number between one and P minus one. So to recap, P is a prime so that implies that Z has an inverse mod P. So, let's use that inverse. What can we do? Look at this equation IZ is congruent to JZ mod P. Let's multiply both sides by Z inverse. It exists. I don't know what it is, but no matter what it is multiply both sides by Z inverse, okay? So what do we get? So, I multiplied the left hand side by Z inverse and the right hand side by Z inverse. What do I get? Now I have Z times the inverse. What is that? That's one. Z times the inverse, that's one. What am I left with? I is congruent to J mod P. What does that mean? That means they're the same when I look between one and P minus one. So, therefore, they're the same index. I suppose that they were different indexes, which gave me the same value but in order to come up with the same value, they have to be the same index. So I get my contradiction. Therefore, there is no repeat elements in S prime and they're all distinct. Now, we've shown that the elements of S prime are distinct. Now let's show that the elements of S prime are non-zero. Again, let's do a proof by contradiction. Suppose one of the elements is zero. So take the Ith element of S prime and suppose it's zero. So that means I time Z is congruent to zero mod p. What do we know? We know the inverse of Z exists mod P, right? So let's multiply both sides by Z inverse again, and what are we left with? We're left with I is congruent zero mode p, which means that I is not one of the indices here, the indices here are between one and P minus one. So this is not an element of S prime. So we get a contradiction, therefore the elements of S prime are non-zero and they're distinct and therefore, they contain the elements one through P minus one just in possibly different order and therefore, S and S prime are the same.