Here's the general Crypto setting. I got Alice over here and we got Bob over here. Alice has a message M, that she wants to send to Bob. Now, they have a communication line that they can talk over. The problem is, that there's someone eavesdropping on this conversation. So, whatever transmitted over this communication line can be seen in the clear by Eve, who's the eavesdropper on the communication. So, Eve sees everything in the clear that's communicated on this line. So, Alice doesn't want to send the message by itself. She wants to encrypt a message. So, Alice is going to take the message M, she is going to feed that into the encryption scheme and out is going to pop E(M), the encrypted form of M, the message. She's going to send that along the transmission line. Bob, meanwhile is going to have his decryption box. So, he's going to take this encrypted message, feed that as input into his decryption box, an arrow is going to pop the decrypted message. Meanwhile, Eve what did she see? She sees this encrypted message, because that's what sent over this communication line. And, from the encrypted message, she doesn't know how to decrypt. Only, Bob knows how to decrypt. Now, this is a public key cryptosystem. By public key, we mean that no communication needs to be happen between Alice and Bob in private. So, they don't need to have any coordination beforehand. What's going to happen is, Bob is going to do a computation on his own and he's going to compute a public key and a private key. His public key is going to be two numbers, N capital N and and E. Capital N it's going to correspond to P times Q, the product of two primes and E is going to be some number which is relatively prime to P minus one times Q minus 1. He's going to announce to the world, N and E. Now, anybody that wants to send a message to Bob is going to take his public key. They're going to take their message and using M, they're going to encrypt their message using N and E, the public key. But, the thing is only Bob knows how to decrypt messages that are encrypted using his public key. So, he's going to have a private key D, what is D? D is going to be the inverse of E mod P minus one times, Q minus one. Only he knows P and Q, so only he can compute D. He can compute D and then he can take this encrypted message and he can raises the power D and then take it mod N and that will give him the original message. But, only Bob knows how to compute this private key, so only he can do this decryption. But, there's no coordination that needs to happen between Alice and Bob. Bob does this computation on his own. He computes N and E and announces it to the world and he computes this private D and keeps it to himself. Meanwhile, anybody that wants to send a message to Bob looks up his public key, sees his N and E, he uses that to encrypt, the sender encrypted message in the clear. So, anybody can see the encrypted message and then, only Bob can decrypt it. So, let's detail this scheme, this is a RSA cryptosystem.