We just saw that the independent set problem is NP-complete. I want to go back and look at this optimization version, the Max Independent Set Problem, and I want to see what this implies about this problem. Now we have this class of problems NP, the independent set problem which we just proved is NP-complete lies in this class, and there is a reduction from every problem in this class to the independent set problem. It's at least as hard as every problem in this class of NP. Now the max independent set problem is not known to lie in the class NP, so still outside this class. Notice it's quite straightforward to reduce the independent set problem, to the max independent set problem. Here, I'm looking for an independent set of size at least g. Here, I'm looking for the maximum independent set. If I find the maximum independent set and I check whether that size is at least g, that either gives me a solution, or it tells me there's no solution. So it's quite straightforward to reduce the search version, to the optimization version. That means I have a reduction from the independent set problem, to the max independent set problem, and in fact I have a reduction from every problem in NP, to the max independent set problem, either going indirectly through the independent set problem or directly. What does that mean? That means the max independent set problem is at least as hard as everything in the class NP. Now if we knew it was in the class NP, then we would know it's NP-complete. But we don't know that. But how do we denote that it's at least as hard as everything in the class NP? We say that the max independent set problem is NP-hard. Notice it's NP-hard, not NP-complete. So NP-hard, means that it's at least as hard as everything in the class NP. So there is a reduction from everything in the class NP to this problem max independent set. So if we can solve max independent set in polynomial time, then we can solve everything in NP in polynomial time. To be NP-complete, such as the independent set problem, then it has to be NP-hard, and it also has to lie in the set. So complete problems are the hardest in the set. Hard problems are at least as hard as everything in