So, let's take the example where capital N is 14 and let's look at the inverses of the numbers one through 13, mod N. Starting with X equals one. So, what is the inverse of one mod N 14? What is the number so that one times that number is one mod 14? Well, One times itself is one. So, the inverse of one is one itself. It a self inverse. And that's always the case. One is always itself inverse. Let's do a non-trivial case where x equals two. What's the inverse of two mod 14? What number times two is congruent to one mod 14? Well, actually there is no number where that's the case. So, the inverse of two mod 14, does not exist. Let's try X equals three. What's the inverse of three mod 14? Well, notice three times five is 15 which is one, mod 14. So, the inverse of three is five. And the inverse of five is three mod 14. What about X equals four? What's the inverse of for a mod 14? Once again, just like the case of X equals two, that doesn't exist. What about X equals five? We already solve that. Its inverse three. How about six, seven and eight? Actually, none of those have an inverse mod 14. What about nine? What's the inverse of nine mod 14? This is 11 because nine times 11 is 99 and 14 times seven is 98. So, nine times 11 is one mod 14. The last one is, what about 13? What's the inverse of 13 mod 14? It turns out it is a self inverse. It's 13 itself. 13 times 13 is one mod 14. All the other cases the inverse doesn't exist. When exactly does the inverse exist or not? What is the key fact about when the inverse exists or not? When two, four and six. Those are all even numbers. And 14 is an even number. So, they all have a common divisor too. Okay. What about seven? Well, seven is not even but it shares a common divisor with 14, seven. So, that's the key property. They share a common divisor. Then there is no inverse. But if they have no common divisor and in which sense, which case they're feel like primes relative to each other, then there is an inverse. So, one, three, five, nine and 13 have no common divisor with 14.