Now, let's go back to our original question. Suppose X inverse mod N exists, how many such inverses can there be? So, in this example, three has an inverse mod 11, four is one such inverse. Are there any other inverses? When we're looking at integers between zero and 10, what's easy to check that four is the only integer between 0 and 10 which is an inverse of three mod 11. And what we want to prove now is that if X has an inverse mod N, then there is a unique such inverse. So, there is only one such inverse. Let's prove now that if the inverse exists, it's a unique choice. So, there's a unique number between zero and N minus one, which is an inverse of X mod N. How are we going to prove this? Let's prove it by contradiction. So, let's suppose that X mod N has two inverses. And then, let's show a contradiction. So, suppose that Z is an inverse of X mod N, and suppose that Y is also an inverse of X mod N. And let's suppose that these numbers Y and Z are different. What do we mean different? We mean, they are different mod N. So, we're assuming that Y and Z are different mod N. This means that if we think of the Y and Z as numbers between zero and N minus one, Y and Z are different. For this small example for these small numbers, it's easy to verify that this number three can have multiple inverses mod 11. We want to prove, in general, that if a number X has an inverse mod N, and that inverse is unique. So, we're assuming that there's multiple inverses of X mod N. And we're denoting those as Y and Z. And now we're going to derive a contradiction. Now Z is an inverse of X mod N, so what does that mean? That means that if we look at the product of X and Z that congruent to one mod N. That's the definition of an inverse. Similarly, if we look at Y, we know that X times Y is also congruent to one mod N. Therefore, X times Y is congruent to X times Z mod N. Now, we know that the inverse of X mod N exists. Actually, we're supposing that there's multiple such inverses. Anyways, take one of those inverses and multiply both sides of this equation by that inverse. So, multiply the left side and the right side by X inverse. What do you get? Well, X inverse times X is one, X inverse times X is one, so we can cancel these terms, and we can cancel out these terms. And what are we left with? We are left with the Y and Z. So, the left-hand side simplifies to Y, the right-hand side simplifies to Z. Let's forget this one. And we know that Y is congruent to Z mod N. But our assumption earlier was that Y is not congruent to Z mod N, that these are different numbers between zero and N minus one. Therefore, we derived our contradiction, and thus, our assumption that there is multiple inverses of X mod N is not true. So, if the inverse of X mod N exists, it's a unique such inverse. It's unique when we look at these numbers between zero and N minus one. Later, we're going to prove that if X and N are relatively primes, so the GCD of X and N is one, then the inverse of X mod N exists. How are we going to prove that? We're going to prove that this inverse exists by finding it. We're going to show an algorithm extended Euclid algorithm to find the inverse, when the GCD of X and N is one. But, on the next slide, we'll prove that if X and N have a common factor, so the GCD of X and N is greater than one, then the inverse of X mod N does not exist.