Before diving into Euclid's algorithm, let's look at the basic fact which is called Euclid's rule which is the basis for Euclid's recursive algorithm. Let's take integers X and Y. And we want to compute the GCD of X and Y. And let's assume for simplicity that X is at least Y. So the order. And let's assume that Y is greater than zero. Then the basic fact is that the greatest common divisor of X and Y is the same as the greatest common divisor of X mod Y and Y. And notice these are now in reverse order because Y is going to be at least X mod Y. So if we want to compute the GCD of X and Y then given this fact we can compute the GCD of X mod Y with Y. And that's going to be the basis of our recursive algorithm. But let's first see why this is true. Here's a basic proof idea. The proof relies on the following simple fact. The GCD of X and Y is equal to the GCD of X minus and Y. Let's call this star. Notice, if we play star repeatedly, we get the theorem statement. GCD of X and Y is equal to the GCD of X mod Y and Y. How do we get X mod Y? We get X mod Y by taking X and subtracting off Y repeatedly. Let's say Q times. So we take off as many Y's as we can from X and then we take the remainder and that's X mod Y. So it keeps subtracting Y, and Y, and Y, and Y repeatedly until we're left with a number smaller than Y. So we keep applying this X minus Y. So we take X, X minus Y, and then that thing minus Y, minus Y, minus Y again, again. Q times and then we end up with X mod Y. So if we prove this fact star then that implies this theorem statement. So it suffices to prove star and then that implies the theorem. Okay, and then the star is a bit simpler statement than the theorem statement. So why's star true? Let's look at why that's true. You can think of this as if and only if. If a number D divides X and Y then it divides X minus Y and Y. That's the number D divides X minus Y and Y then it divides X and Y. So any divisor of these two, it's a divisor of these two. Any divisor of these two, it's a divisor of these two. If we prove that, we're done. So we can think as a if and only if. Given a divisor here of these two, it divides these two. Let's do that statement first. If D divides X and Y then clearly it divides Y. Ready. And D divides X minus Y as well. If it divides X and Y then it obviously divides X minus Y as well. You can factor out D from X and from Y so you can factor it out from X minus Y. That gives this one direction, the forward direction. What about the reverse direction? So if D divides X minus Y and Y then D divides X as well because X is just the sum of X minus Y plus Y. So it divides both of these then it divides their sum. So that gives us the reverse direction therefore they have all the divisors in common, so the greatest divisor is also in common. That proves this statement star which implies this Euclid's rule. Here is Euclid's rule that we saw in the last line. GCD of X and Y is the same as the GCD of X mod Y and Y. Now, let's use that basic fact and design of recursive algorithm for computing the GCD. It's called the Euclid's algorithm.