The next topic we'll dive into is the divide and conquer technique. We've seen a few examples of divide and conquer already. We saw two examples in the RSA algorithm. The first was the fast modular exponentiation algorithm which used the repeated squaring idea. The second was Euclid's GCD algorithm. These are two fairly simple applications of divide and conquer approach. We're going to see some more sophisticated examples in the following lecture. What we're going to look at now is multiplying n-bit integers. One of the applications of this problem is in the RSA algorithm setting, there we have huge integers. The number of bits is like a thousand or 2000, so the basic arithmetic operations like multiplication are no longer built into hardware. The problem formulation is we're given two n-bit integers, x and y, and we want to compute their product, Z, which is x times y. And we want to look at the running time as a function of the number of bits, that's the input size. What we discussed in the RSA algorithm lecture, was that the running time using a naive algorithm for computing the product of x times y would take n square time, order n square time. What we're going to do now is an algorithm which is faster than this order n square time. We're going to do a more sophisticated scheme. After this multiplication example, we're going to look at some other sophisticated examples, namely median. We're going to see how to compute the median in linear time and finally we're also going to look at Fast Fourier Transform, FFT. These three examples, multiplying n-bit integers, the new time median and FFT are all very beautiful algorithms and I hope you'll learn to appreciate the essence of the algorithm. Now one important note is I'm assuming that you've seen divide and conquer before. For example, I'm assuming you've seen things like merge sort, the order and log n time algorithm for sorting n integers. And I'm also assuming that you know how to solve recurrences. If you need a refresher on some of these topics, I suggest you look through the textbook. Now let's go ahead and dive into this topic, multiplying n-bit integers..