Let's take a look at BFS on one of our earlier examples. Here's one of our examples of a flow network. Let's assume that we're at the initial flow. So the flow is zero along every edge of the graph. Therefore, the capacities along these edges don't really matter. Now, since the flow is zero along every edge, there's no back edges, and the residual network at this stage will be exactly the same flow network. Now, let's run BFS on this residual network. Now, we start off from vertex s, and we explore the edges out of s, and we see a, b and c. Next, we explore the edges out of a, b and c. From vertex a, we see d and e. From vertex b, we see e, which is already explored. So this is an unexplored edge. Then from vertex c, we see vertex f. So the solid red edges are the tree edges, the BFS tree edges, and the dash gray edges are the non-explored edges. Now we explore the edges out of d, e and f. From vertex d we see vertex t, our end vertex, and then we have a bunch of unexplored edges. Now at this stage, BFS is done. Now, let's look at some properties of BFS. Notice this is exploring the graph in layers. Now, in the first layer or level is only vertex s itself. So this is at level 0. Now then, the neighbors of s are at level 1. So a, b and c are level 1. Then we have that d, e, f are at level 2. And finally, vertex t is at level 3. Now the level of vertex is the same as the minimum number of edges to go from s to that vertex. So formerly, the level of vertex is the same as the distance. Now, what is the path cal-P that BFS finds from s to t? Well, it's this path, s to a to d to t. Notice on this path from s to t, look at the levels. S is at level zero, a is at level 1, d is at level 2, and t is at level 3. So the level goes up by plus 1 at every edge. Now, notice that the level cannot go up by more than one in one edge, because of the definition of the level. It's the minimum number of edges from s to that vertex. Similarly, the level cannot stay the same or go down along an edge. Otherwise, there's a shorter path to the vertex. So the path that BFS finds from s to t, is going to be a path where the level goes up by plus one at every edge. That's the key property that we need from BFS, that the path obtained from s to t, the levels of the vertices go up by plus 1 along every edge of their path.