Let's take a look in detail how the residual graph changes potentially in a round. Now, consider an edge of the original flow network. Now, this edge itself might be in the residual network or its back edge from w to v might be in the residual network. Let's look at when the forward or backward edge might be added or removed from the residual network. When do we add this forward edge to the residual network? Well, in order to not be there before, the flow had to be full. So if the flow was full, so it means the flow equaled the capacity along that edge, and then the flow was reduced, then this edge would have leftover capacity. So it would be added into the residual network. Now, how can the flow be reduced along this edge? That means we send flow along the back edge. To send flow along the back edge, that means the back edge was in the augmenting path cal-p. So if this forward edge was added into the residual network, then the back edge must have been on the augmenting path. Now, let's look at the other case where we remove this forward edge from the residual network. Now, we will remove it if there was some leftover capacity, but now there's no leftover capacity. So the flow equals the capacity along this edge. That means we augmented the flow, increased the flow along this edge. So this forward edge itself is on the augmenting path. In order to remove this forward edge from v to w from the residual graph, then this forward edge from v to w must be on the augmenting path because we increased the flow along this edge. Now, the other type of edge that we can add into the residual network is the back edge from w to v. To add the back edge in, the flow must have been empty and then we increase the flow along the edge from v to w. To increase the flow from v to w, that means this edge from v to w must be on the augmenting path. The final case is when we will remove the back edge from the residual network. Now, in order to remove this back edge from the residual network, there must have been some flow along the forward edge, and then the flow is now empty. So we must have decreased the flow along this forward edge. To decrease the flow along the forward edge, that means we send flow along the back edge. So the back edge from w to v must be on the augmenting path cal-P.