Now we're trying to find those Z. Where Z raised to the power n equals 1. And let's draw the number 1 on our complex plane. What is its point in polar coordinates? Its distance 1 obviously, from the origin. What's the angle? The angle is zero. It's also 2pi or 4pi or 6pi or 2pi times j for any integer j. And note j can also be negative number. So the angle is any multiple of 2pi. Now let's say Z equals the point r theta in polar. We're looking at those Z where Z raised to the power n equals 1. So it's equals 1 comma 2pi j. Recall the expression for multiplying two complex numbers in polar coordinates. So look at Z raised to the power n. So Z is r comma theta. So Z to the n is r raised to the power n. And then we add up the angles. So we get n times theta. Now we're assuming this equals 1. So what does r equal and what does theta equal? Well, r raised to the power n equals 1. So then we know that r equals 1. So what does that mean? That means that all the complex roots of unity lie on this unit circle, this circle of radius 1. Where do they line the circle? Well, we have to look at the angle. n times theta equals 2pi j. Solving for theta. We have 2pi j over n. Let's take the case n equals 8 and see what this looks like on the unit circle. The case j equals zero, corresponds to angle zero. So this is the point 1. That's good because we know that the point 1, that number 1 is an nth root of unity. Let's look at j equals 1. So we got 2pi over n. What does this correspond to, this angle 2pi over n? It's like you took the whole pi, the whole circle, and you subdivided it into equal slices. For the case n equals 8, this angle is pi over 4. So this is the point 1 comma pi over 4. j equals 2 corresponds to this point which is i. Which is 1 comma pi over 2. Next point is 1 3 pi over 4. And we get 1 pi which is negative 1. And we get 1 5 pi over 4, and so on. Notice that when we get to j equals 8, we repeat. We get back to this point 1. j equals 9, j equals 10, and so on. So notice there are n distinct values. And what we're doing is we're starting at the point 1 and we're taking steps sizes of 2pi over n.