Let's consider an LP in standard form, and we'd like to figure out whether there are some axis which satisfy these constraints. So, this has nothing to do with the objective function. Simply looking at the constraints, is there any point x satisfying all of the constraints? So, is the feasible region empty or not? Let's make a new variable z. Now, X was a vector of size n, so, it consisted of n variables. That's not a vector, that's just a single variable. Now, consider one of the constraints here, a1x1 plus a2x2 and so on, up to anxn is at most little b. Now, is there a solution to this under the non-activity constraint? Well, there may or may not be. But suppose, we take the same constraint and we add in z to the left hand side. We keep the non-negativity constrains for the variables x1 through xn, but z is unrestricted. So, it can take on positive or negative values. In this case, there is always a solution to this new equation. Why? Simply set z small enough, and then, this is trivially satisfied. So, let's think of z as negative infinity though, in fact it's a finite number. It suffices to take a small enough number relative to the numbers a1 through an and little b. So, this constraint is trivially satisfied for a small enough z. Now, the question is, whether there is a solution to this equation, when z is at least zero. If we can find a solution to this new equation, where z is non-negative then, we can drop z and we still have this condition satisfied. So, our original constrain is equivalent to the new constrain with the extra condition that z is at least zero. But if we drop this constraint, that z is non-negative then, there's trivially a solution to this. So, we have a starting point, and then we can run an LP, and we maximize z, and we see whether there's a solution with z as non-negative. So, we just consider one constraint, let's consider all n constraints. So, we look at the new LP which has the constraints Ax plus z is at most b, and x is non-negative, but z is unrestricted. Since z is unrestricted, it's trivial to always find a feasible point. We simply set z to be a small enough number. Now, our goal is to figure out whether there is a solution whereas z is non-negative. So, we add in the objective function maximize z. This new LP is always feasible, and we can run this LP and check whether the optimal value of z is non-negative. If the optimal value is non-negative, then that point, those Xs, if we ignore z, give us a feasible point to the original LP. And if this LP is optimized when z is negative, then we know that the original LP is infeasible. So, this gives us a way to check whether an LP is feasible or not, and it also gives us this feasible point for this LP if it is feasible. So, that'll give us a starting point for the simplex algorithm.