Here's our summary from the previous slide. If program J on input J terminates, then our new evil program harmful never terminates. It gets into this go to loop, and then it has an infinite loop. On the other hand, if program J on input J never terminates, so it has an infinite loop. Then our new evil program goes into the else statement. And it exits right away, and therefore it terminates. Now, we need to derive a paradox or a contradiction. What we do is we set the input J to be this program harmful which we just defined. So harmful is this short one line program, and we use that as the input to harmful itself. Now the question is, does the program harmful when it takes itself as input, does it terminate or not? Well there are two possibilities, either it does terminate or it has an infinite loop. Let's consider both possibilities. Suppose program harmful when it takes itself as input does terminate. Going up to the above summary, if J on J terminates, then harmful on J never terminates because it gets into this go to statement. So plugging in J equals harmful, we have that harmful on harmful never terminates. So if the program harmful on itself as input terminates, then harmful on itself is input never terminates. That's a contradiction. Therefore this can't be the case. So it must be the case that when we run program harmful on itself as input, then it never terminates. What happens in this scenario? Well, let's look above. In this scenario when J on J never terminates, then harmful on J terminates because it goes into this else statement, and it exits the program harmful immediately. Once again, if the program harmful when it takes itself as input never terminates, then what we conclude is that harmful on itself terminates. Again, we have a contradiction, so this can't be the case. So it can't be the case that it terminates, and can't be the case that it never terminates. Since either case leads to a contradiction, our initial assumption that the program terminator which solves the halting problem on every input exists must be impossible. And therefore there does not exist a program which solves the halting problem on every input. And that completes the proof of the theorem.