So given this vector of coefficients for this polynomial A of X, to find A even as the coefficients for the even terms and A odd as the coefficients for the odd terms. Then we can look at the polynomials defined by this vector of coefficients. This vector A even defines this polynomial A even of Y. I have used a variable y to avoid confusion with A of X. Notice that A 2 is the quadratic term in A of X, but in A even, it's the linear term since it's the second coefficient. And similarly A 4 is going to be the quadratic term. Similarly this vector A odd defines this polynomial A odd of y. Notice that the degree of these two polynomials is N over two minus one. So we took a polynomial A of X of degree N minus one and we defined a pair of polynomials of degree N over two minus one. How does a polynomial A of X relate to the polynomial A even and the polynomial A odd? Well notice if I take the polynomial A even and I evaluated at the Y equals X squared, then I get the even terms of the polynomial A of X. Similarly if I evaluate the polynomial A odd at the point Y equals X squared. Then I get the odd terms except it's off by one in the exponent. So I multiply by X. So A of X is equal to A even evaluated at the point X squared plus X times A odd evaluated at the point X square. At this point you just start to see the semblance of the idea of the divide and conquer approach. We started with a polynomial of degree N minus one. And now we have defined a pair of polynomials of degree N over 2 minus one. So we went down from N to N over two and we got two subproblems, A even and A odd. And if we want A at a point X, then it suffices to know A even and A odd at the point X squared. So we've got two subproblems of half the size. Now the degree of this polynomial A of X went down from N minus one to N over two minus one for these two smaller polynomials. However if we need a of X at two endpoints, we still need A even and A odd at two endpoints the square of these original two endpoints. So the degree of these polynomials went down by a factor of two. But the number of points we need to evaluate them at hasn't gone down by a factor of two yet. This is where we're going to use the plus minus.