Let's look at the k-colorings problem. This is a natural graft problem that many of you've probably seen before but I don't think we've looked at this particular problem in this course yet. You've probably heard of the four-color theorem. This is the formulation of the general problem. Now, the input to the problem is an undirected graph G and an integer K. K is a number of colors in our palette. Now, our goal is to assign colors to the vertices so their neighboring vertices have different colors. So, if there is a proper coloring, we're going to output an assignment of colors to the vertices. So, each vertex is going to get a color between one through K. These are the names of the colors and this is a proper coloring if adjacent vertices get different colors. Now, if this G has no such coloring, then we output no. So, if there is a proper vertex K coloring for this graph G, then we output such a coloring. And if there is no such proper K coloring, then we output no. Now, the K-colorings problem is in NP. Why? Well first off, it's the correct form when there is a solution. When there is a proper coloring, we output such a coloring. And if there is no such coloring, then we simply output no. Now, the non-trivial step is we have to show that we can verify solutions. So, suppose that were given a graph G and were given a K-coloring for this graph. So, we're given assignment of the vertices to each of the one of the K colors. Now, how do we check that this coloring is a proper coloring. Well, we go through the edges of the graph and we check that each edge is not monochromatic. In particular, in order m time which is the number of edges, we can check for every edge that the color assignment for V is different than the color assignment for W. So, for every edge, the two endpoints have different colors. That's it. That's all we have to do to show that the K-colorings problem is in NP. We simply have to show an algorithm which can verify solutions in polynomial time. And it's a trivial algorithm, so it's a simply one sentence proof that the K-colorings problem is in NP.