Before we dive into the RSA cryptosystem, we're going to dive into the mathematical concept which is the basis for the whole cryptosystem. The key concept is Fermat's little theorem. Take a prime number P, then for every number Z, which is at most, P minus one and least one. If we look at Z raised to the power P minus one mod p, what is that going to equal? That's going to be congruent to one. So for any Z, which is relatively prime to P, so this statement here, can be replaced by any Z, which is relatively prime to P. So the gcd of Z and P is one. For any such Z, if P is prime, if we take Z, raiseed to the power P minus one is going to be congruent to one mod p. This easy to state fact is going to be the basis of the RSA cryptosystem. It's also going to be the basis of a primality testing algorithm. So, if we're given a number x, and we want to test whether x is prime or not, we're going to devise an algorithm based on Fermat's little theorem. Now, we're going to look at the proof of Fermat's little theorem. It's not too hard, it's not too easy, it's reasonable proof, but it's a very beautiful proof, very elegant. And there are several important ideas in the proof. For example, how does it come up that P is prime? How does that come into the proof? Just a little bit of foreshadowing, if P is prime, what does that tell you about Z? Well, these- Z's are all relatively prime to P. So, what does that imply? What that implies that these Zs all have an inverse mod P. That's the key thing about a prime number P and that's going to come out in the proof. One last historical note. This is Fermat's little theorem, it's not Fermat's last theorem. Fermat's last theorem is the one which he claimed to have a proof and he couldn't fit it into the margin and which was proofed roughly 400 years later by Andrew Wiles, after 10 years of hard work. So, this Fermat's little theorem is quite easy to prove and we're going to prove it now. We'll go through the proof of Fermat's last theorem in the homework. Don't worry, we'll give you a few hints.