The Max-flow-min-cut theorem states that for any flow network, the size of the max-flow equals the minimum capacity of an st-cut. Just a quick note about notation here. We keep calling this an st-cut to distinguish that s is on one side of the cut and t is on the other side of the cut. Notice s and t are also implicit in this max-flow formulation. We could have called it a max st flow because we're sending the flow from s to t. Now in the max-flow problem, it's clear there must be a start vertex s and an end vertex t. In a min-cut problem, there doesn't necessarily have to be an s and t that you're separating. We could instead look at the min-cut overall without looking at whether we separate s and t. So that's why we include the s and t in this formulation. So we called it the min st-cut problem to differentiate it from the min-cut problem. Now, let's dive into the proof of this min-cut max-flow theorem. First, we're going to prove that the size of the max-flow is the most the minimum capacity of an st-cut. And then, we'll prove the reverse inequality. So we'll prove that the max-flow is at least the minimum capacity of an st-cut. Once we prove both inequalities, then we've proved equality, and then we're done. To prove this inequality, what we'll show is that for any flow and any st-cut (L, R), the size of this flow is at most the capacity of this cut. Notice that this simpler result will imply this inequality. Why is that the case? Well, this is true for any flow f, so we might as well take a max-flow and it's still true. So if we maximize over f, the size of f is still at most the capacity of this cut. And since the right hand side holds for any st-cut, we might as well take the cut of smallest size. So for the right hand side we can choose any cut we want. So we'll choose the cut of minimum capacity, and then we have that the max-flow size is the most the min st-cut capacity. So that shows the max-flow is the most of min st-cut. So we proved this inequality. So we have a much simpler task now. We can forget about the max-flow and the min cut. We simply have to take any flow f, and any st-cut and show that the size of this flow is at most the capacity of this cut. And we don't have to worry anything about showing that this flow is optimal or this cut is optimal.