Let's consider now a general clause of size k, and let's label the literals in this clause by a1, a2 up to ak. Now, for this clause, we're going to create k-3 new variables. Recall that when k was 4, we created one new variable, when k was 5, we created two new variables. In general, we're going to create k-3 new variables. Let's label these new variables as Y1 through Yk-3. Now it's important to note that every clause of size greater than 3 creates new variables, and these new variables are distinct for each clause. So, for each clause, we might create order n new variables. There's m clauses so we might have order, n times m new variables in total. Now we're going to replace this original clause C, by the following k-2 clauses. So we take the first two literals, a1, a2, and the first new variable Y1, and the first clause is a1 or a2 or Y1 and we use the negative of the first new variable, the third literal a3, and then the positive of the next new variable. And this gives us our pattern. So, we then use Y2_bar, the negative of the second variable, and then we use the next literal, a4, and then we use the next new variable, positive form, Y3. Now we continue this pattern, and then the last two clauses look as follows. So the penultimate clause looks as follows. It's going to have Yk-4_bar, or ak-2, this is the third to last literal, or Yk-3 is the last new variable in the positive form. This penultimate clause follows the same pattern. The last clause is going to be slightly different. It has Yk-3_bar, same pattern as before and then we use the last two literals of C. So we have ak-1, or ak. This defines a formula C_prime. Now our claim is that the original clause C is satisfiable, if and only if this new sequence of clauses, C_prime is satisfiable. Now, for our original input to the SAT problem, for every clause, which is size bigger than three, we can replace it under this following construction. We take this clause, which is size bigger than three. We replace it by this sequence of clauses which are all of size exactly equal to three, and then we get a valid input to the three set formula and the key is that this new formula is satisfiable, if and only if the original formula is satisfiable, within the equivalent formula. So let's go ahead and prove this claim, that C satisfiable if and only if C_prime is satisfiable, and then we'll be pretty much done with the reduc-