Now we want to bound the probability that the max load is at least log n, that's the quantity here. In order for the maximum load to be at least log n, at least one bin, maybe several, have to have a load at least log n. In order to upper bound this probability, we can use our earlier analysis. We know the probability that a particular bin gets loaded, at least log n, is at most one over N squared. So now, in order for at least one bin to get loaded at least log n, lets look at all the choices for the bins. So we can sum over each bin, and then we can look at the probability that the load in bin BI, is at least log n, which is what we bounded right here. That's at most 1 over N squared. There are N choices for the bin, and for each particular bin the probability the load is at least log n is at most 1 over N squared, and this is, 1 over N, which proves the result, that the max load is at least log n, with probability at most 1 over N. Now, we want to look at the complementary event, that the max load is strictly less than log n. What is the probability of this? Well, this event is unlikely to happen. This happens with a small probability, this is going to happen with a large probability. In particular, it happens with probability at least one minus one over N. And in fact, one can do a similar analysis, a little bit more carefully, and you can show that the max load is theta of log n over log log n. So we can get an upper bound, and a lower bound which are within constants of each other. So, instead of an upper bound of log n, on the max load, we can get a slightly better bound of log n over log log n. And this error probability can be boosted from one over N to 1 over and squared or 1 over N to the tenth, any polynomial, and then, we can get here by changing the constant up front. And when this error probability is 1 over a polynomial and N, we say that this event happens with high probability. In particular, if it happens with high probability, then that means it happens with probability at least one minus one over some polynomial and N, and we can make this polynomial small as we want, by increasing this constant up front.