We now have a new subproblem formulation, let L of i denote the length of the longest increasing subsequence on the first i elements of the input array a_1 through a_i and which includes a_i itself. This is the extra restriction that we added into our subproblem formulation, okay? It requires that a_i is included in the subsequences that you consider. Now, it will be straightforward to express a recurrence, which formulates L of i in terms of L_1 through L_i minus one. Let's go back and look at our earlier example and now we'll see, the straightforward recurrence that arises. Here is our earlier example. And let's look at L for this new subproblem formulation. In this case, L of one is one because we're looking at the length of the longest increasing subsequence on an input of size one just five itself and it has to include five. Then for i equals two with length two from the subsequent five, seven. Now, we start to see a difference when i equals three. What is the length of the longest increasing subsequence in five, seven, four which includes four? That's just four itself. So that's length of one, okay? Recall in our earlier definition of L, it was length, it was three this entry. Once again, for i equals four, L of four is one because of minus three. So i equals five, now, the length is three from five, seven, nine. For i equals six, the length is two from minus three one, for i is equals seven, the length is four from five, seven, nine, ten. Finally, let's look at the case i equals 10 which is the case which caused the problems in the earlier definition of L. Now, in this case, we want to see which subproblems allow us to append A on to the end of it. I notice a can be appended on to subsequences ending at five, seven, four minus three but nine, it cannot get appended on to, that won't be increasing. It cannot get appended on to 10 either. But the others allow it to be appended on to the end. So, we're going to take the longest of those and we're going to add plus one for adding eight on to the end of it. So whatever is the longest increasing subsequence ending at five, we can append eight on to the end of it. We don't have to know the subsequence itself. We just have to know, it's of length four and it ends at five and then we can append A on to the end. We obtain the sequence of length five, therefore, L of 10 is five. Now, this highlights the recurrence for the solution of L of i, in terms of smaller subproblems L_one through L minus one, i minus one