Now our aim is to try to find a good pivot in order n time and we're going to do this in worst case, order n time. What we just saw is an algorithm which finds it in order n expected time. Now if we can successfully find a good pivot in order n time, then, the running time of our algorithm will satisfy the following relation. T(n) is in most T of three-fourths n because it is a good pivot. So, the sub-problem will be of size at most three-fourths the original size. Plus order n to find the good pivot and order n to partition a into the three sets. Now, this recurrence solves to order n. So, the overall running time of our algorithm will be order n. Now, we have a bit of slack in this recurrence. In particular, recall that instead of having 0.75 n over here, we could have had 0.99 n. We just need some constant less than one. What we're going to do is we are going to use this extra slack as extra time to help us find a good pivot. So, now, we are going to spend, instead of, just order n time to find a good pivot, we're going to spend order n time plus T of 0.2 n. So, we are going to design an algorithm with the following running time. T(n) is in most T of three-fourths n. This is for the sub-problem. Once we find a good pivot, plus T of n over five, plus order n. This T of n over five plus order n is going to be the time it's going to take us to find a good pivot. Now the key fact is that three-quarters, plus one-fifth equals 0.95. It's strictly less than one. So, this recurrence solves to order n. So if we can find a good pivot in this amount of time, T of n over 5 plus order n, then we successfully have an order n time algorithm to find the median. Now what exactly are we going to utilize this T of n over 5 in order to find a good pivot? How are we going to utilize it? Well, we're going to choose a subset of A which is of size n over 5 and then we're going to recursively run our median algorithm on this subset S. And we're going to set P, the pivot to be the median of this subset S. The time it's going to take us to find the median of this subset S is going to be T of n over 5 since the subset S of size n over 5. The question is how do we choose this subset S? We need to choose this subset S so that is a good representative sample of this entire array A. Let's take a look first at a naive choice of the set S and then we'll see how that fails and it will give us some intuition about choosing a better choice for this subset S.