Take this ILP, this interlinear program that we just defined, and consider an optimal point for this ILP. Of course we don't know how to find this optimal point in polynomial time, and we're not in fact finding it. We're just considering this optimal point for the purposes of the proof. So let Y-star and Z-star denote the optimal point for this ILP. Now what's the value of the objective function at the optimal point? Where the value of the objective function is simply the sum of the Z-stars. What do we know about the value of the objective function at this optimal point? Well it equals M-star, what is M-star? M-star is the maximum number of satisfied clauses in the original formula F. M-star is what we're trying to find and we can't solve this ILP in polynomial time, but we can solve any linear program in polynomial time. Can we convert this ILP into a similar LP? While this last constraint is what makes this an ILP so let's drop this last constraint. So, now the feasible points are no longer constrained to be integer value and then this changes from an ILP to a linear program this is simply a linear program now. We can solve this linear program in polynomial time, and let's denote the solution to this linear program instead of by Y-star and Z-star, let's put the-hat there. So, Y-hat-star and Z-hat-star are the optimal solution to this linear program, these points we can find. What's the relation between the objective function for the linear program compared to the ILP objective function at the optimal point? Where the value of the objective function for this LP at this optimal point, is the sum of the Z-hat-stars. How do these compare? Well any feasible point for the ILP is also a feasible point for the LP. Because the ILP constrains it to lie in this grid, the LP considers any point. So, the LP is considered more points so, since the ILP optimal point is also feasible for the LP, and the optimal solution for the LP is at least as good as the optimal solution for the ILP. So, we know that this is the objective function value, is at least this objective function value for the ILP optimal solution. So, we can find upper bound on the maximum number of satisfied clauses in F. Does that do us any good? Well not necessarily, that doesn't help us find M-star in any way. What we're going to do now, is we're going to convert this LP optimal solution into a feasible point for the ILP. It may not be an optimal solution to the ILP but it will be feasible. How do we do this? Will we have to convert this LP solution into a point on the grid. The simplest way to do that is to convert these fractional points these Y-hat-stars to integer points by rounding them to the nearest integer point, and we're going to do this in a probabilistic way. Now once we round these to integer points then we have a valid true false assignment for our set input F. And then we're going to prove that this rounded integer point is not that far, not that much worse than the original LP solution, than the fractional solution. And since this fractional solution is at least as good as the optimal integer solution, then we know that the integer solution that we found is not that far off from the optimal integer solution. So, we're going to take this LP solution around it, that'll get worse than this optimal solution, we will show that this integer solution that we find is not far off from this fractional solution.