Take a look at this lemma that we're trying to prove. Look at a clause Cj and let's say Cj is of size K and let's suppose the clause is X1 or X2 and so on, up to XK. So assuming all the literals are positive form. Let's just do the analysis for this simpler case and the same approach will apply to the general clause. And in fact since we're just looking at this clause in isolation and because of the symmetry, we can always convert this clause to appear in this form. Now, what was the LP constraint for this clause? Let's look at it in terms of the optimal solution to the LP. So variable X1 has this variable in the LP Y1_hat_star. We want that if this is 0, meaning X1 is false and if that's the case for all K of these variables, then we want that this variable Zj_hat_star is 0 in this case. So if all of these literals are unsatisfying, meaning all these variables are set to false then all of these Y's are set to 0, then Zj must be 0 corresponding to this clause being unsatisfied. This is the LP constraint. Now, we're trying to analyze the probability that this clause is satisfied after the randomized rounding procedure. This is of course the same as 1 minus the probability that this clause is unsatisfying. What's the probability that this clause is unsatisfied? Well, what's the probability that all these variables are set to false? So we're going to look at the product over these K variables. The I one is set to false with probably one minus Yi_hat_star. Now, for your call dilemma, we're trying to show that the probability that this clause is satisfied is at least 1 minus 1 over E times this quantity Zj_hat_star. What we know is that the probably it satisfied equals 1 minus this product, of these Yi's. Now we know how to relate the sum of these Yi's to this Zj_star. How do we relate the product to the sum? So we want to relate this product to this sum and then we can relate it to Zj_hat_star. To relate this product to this sum, we're going to use the geometric mean, arithmetic mean, inequality.