Going back to our analysis from earlier, we're looking at the probability that this Jth clause is satisfied. This equals one minus the probability it's unsatisfied, which is the product over I, from one to K of one minus YI hat star. Now, we can apply the arithmetic mean, geometric mean and inequality. Now, we can apply the arithmetic mean, geometric mean and inequality. The arithmetic mean is one over K times the sum of I going from one to K of one minus YI hat star. And then we're raising it to the Kth power, since we dropped that one over Kth root of the geometric mean. Now, the inequality said that the geometric mean is at most the arithmetic mean. But we're doing negative of this so we get that it's at least. Now, we can simplify this a bit. We can do the sum over each of these terms separately. And the first term is a sum over I from one to K of one. That's simply K. So, that divides by this one over K. So, we get one for the first term. So, we get a one for this first one, and the second term becomes one over K times the sum over I from one to K, of YI hat star. And then we get this whole quantity raised to the Kth power still. Now we're in business, because we have this sum over these YI hat stars. Now, if you recall before, we had this constraint from the linear program. It said that if each of these variables was set to false, so each of these Ys was set to zero, then the corresponding ZJ must be zero. Now, this is actually a linear program, so we don't have this integral constrains. So, we simply know that the sum of these Ys is at least this real number Z. But, we still have this inequality, and our goal is to relate this probability that this clause is satisfied to this quantity ZJ hat star. So, we can apply this inequality, plug it in, and we can drop these Ys and get the Z. Now, this is at least. Then we're doing a negative, and then another negative. So, we get that this is at least one minus the quantity, one minus the ZJ hat star over K, all raised to the Kth power. So, we replace the sum over Ys by ZJ hat star. Now, we have to do a bit of calculus to simplify this. What we want to do is we want to move this ZJ outside of this Kth power.