Let alpha to note ZJ hat star. What we've shown so far is that the probability that this clause CJ satisfied is at least one minus one minus over alpha over K to the K. Now, once again, we want to get this alpha outside of this power. We want to make it a linear function of alpha. Let's look at this function of alpha. Let's define F of alpha to be this right hand side. And our claim is that F of alpha, so this right hand side here, is at least some constant times alpha. It's a constant in the sense it's independent of alpha. It does depend on K, the size of this clause. Now, what does that constant there? Well, it's going to be similar to this without the alpha. It's going to be one minus quantity one minus one over K raised to the Kth power. Once we prove that, then we can apply that here and we get that this is at least this quantity, which is this constant times alpha. We got the alpha outside of the power so it's now linear in alpha. It's linear in this Z. Now, how do we prove this claim? First off, you take the second derivative and you prove that it's negative. Therefore, this function is concave. Since F alpha is a concave function, it's going to look something like this. We're trying to relate F of alpha, this curve, to this linear function. Let's denote this linear function is beta-alpha, so this quantity here is beta. Let's look at this line beta-alpha. For large values of alpha it might not be bigger. But notice, what values of alpha are we interested in? We're interested in alphas between zero and one, so we only need this claim for values of alpha between zero and one. So, since it's a concave function it's got one peak. If we look at the end points that we're interested in, one and zero, and if we prove that this curve is above this line at these two points, zero and one, then it's also above at every intermediate point. So once we take the second derivative and prove it's concave then it suffices to check the point zero alpha, equals zero and alpha equals one. And if you plug in alpha equals zero, we get zero on both sides, and alpha equals one, it's straightforward to check that that's also true.