Now let's stick with our 6210 example, and here's the transition matrix again for that 6010 example. And now I want to look at powers of P. So I want to look at P to the K for big K and then we're going to see some interesting properties about this matrix. Now once again what we saw before the square of this matrix, so P squared is this matrix. Now let's look at it for big K. So let's look at it from P the 10 and P to the 20. Now actually if you like to code up, you just code it up yourself. Take this matrix and look at powers of it for big K, or take a different matrix. Make up a matrix and look at powers of it for big K. Just make sure that it's not stochastic matrix so each row sums to one, then it corresponds to a Markov chain. So this is the first row for P to the 10th. And here's the second row. Notice that it's quite similar to the first row. Is that just the fluke? Let's look at more rows to see whether that was just a fluke or it has some important properties. Now the exact numbers in this matrix aren't important, but what's important is this interesting property that seems to be coming up. All the roads seem to be converging to the same value. Now there's still a little bit of variation look in this third column. Let's see what happens for P to the 20. While looking at the first column of P to the 20, we noticed that it seems to be converging quite nicely. They all agree on the first four significant digits. If we look at the other columns, we see that those are converging quite nicely as well. So what's our conclusion? Our conclusion is that there seems to be a row vector and all of the rows are converging to this row vector. Now let's look at this matrix see what it means. Take any particular column. Let's take column two. Now let's look at this entry one, two in this matrix P to the 20. What does that mean? Well it means if I start in stage one at time zero, what's the probability that I'm in stage two at time 20? Well that's exactly this entry. Similarly, if I start in stage two or three or four, what's the probability that I'm in stage two at time 20? Well regardless of where I start in, it seems like it's independent of where I start in. At time 20, it's going to be exactly this. And if I look at a larger time then this is going to converge even more. So there's going to be a specific probability that I'm in stage two for big time regardless of where I start at time zero. So that's the key property of this Markov chains. Regardless of where you start, it doesn't matter. If you look for big time, I'm going to converge to some value. So where I am at some big large time is independent of where I start. Let's say that again a little bit more precisely.