Now we're going to talk about the Page Rank algorithm. This is the algorithm invented by Brin and Page. It was published in 1998. We're going to start by forgetting about Markov chains. You can understand the basic idea of the page rank algorithm without even knowing what a Markov chain is. Page Rank is a natural simple algorithm for determining the importance of web pages. Now importance is a subjective term and it's something that we're going to have to quantify ourselves. Now part of the appeal of Page Rank is how they define importance has an interesting interpretation in terms of Markov chains. Now we're going to get to that at the end of the lecture, for now we'll forget about Markov chains and we'll just look at the simple idea for defining the Page Rank. To understand the appeal of Page Rank, let's go back and think about how search engines worked in the mid-90s. Well the search engines would maintain a database of web pages and then given a query term Q, what would they do? They would do a grep for Q. So they would search for all web pages containing that query term Q. Now it's easy to spam or trick those search engines so that many of the common query terms are embedded in your web page. That's another issue, let's ignore that for now. The bigger issue is that you have many web pages that contain this query term and now how do you present it to the user? How do you sort the web pages? You want to put the most relevant web page up front so there are many web pages let's say containing this query term Q. How do you sort them? Well that's where the importance of the web page comes in. We're going to put the most important web pages containing this query term at the beginning of our list. For example, if you search for Markov chains and CNN lets say, happens to have an article about Markov chains, I'm not sure why that might be the case but let's just say, CNN has an article about Markov chains and I have on my web page I have several lecture notes about Markov chains. Now when we do this search, this grep, both web pages, mine and CNN are going to contain the query term for Markov chains. Which one should be presented first? Well, presumably the user is more likely to be interested in the CNN article about Markov chains rather than my lecture notes about Markov chains. So let's dive into the algorithm description.