We're going to look at the so called Web graph. The graph on web pages. What exactly is our graph? Well the vertices of our graph are going to be web pages. Now this the humongous graph, because we have a vertex for every web page and the edges of our graphs are the hyperlinks. Now these are directed edges. A web page X might have a hyperlink to a web page Y or Y doesn't necessarily have a hyperlink back to X. So it's important we think of these edges as directed edges. Now let's introduce some notation, for a web page. X, let's define pi of X to be the rank of this page. Now the rank is our measure of the importance of the web page. Now rank or importance are subjective terms. We need to define pi of X, the rank in a sensible way. Now of course sensible is also a subjective term, but in any case we're going to define pi of X so that it has a very nice natural mathematical interpretation. Now if you just watched the bit about markup change, you might think. Why is he using pi once again? Well it's not a coincidence, before we used pi to correspond to the stationary distribution and that's going to come out later, but for now once again we're not going to talk about Markov chains. Now it would be useful to have a little bit on notation. So let's consider a page X is the vertex in our graph, so it's denoted here. Now there are a bunch of hyperlinks at the web page X. Those are directed edges out of X. We want some notation for this set of neighbors which have edges from X to them. So we're going to find this set out of X. So for a web page X, out of X are the out neighbors of X. These are the web pages which have a hyperlink from X to them. So these are the web pages Y, where there's a hyperlink from X to Y, there is a directed edge from X to Y. So out of X are the set of all Ys such that there's a link from X to Y. Similarly, we're going to have to look at the set of web pages or vertices which have a link to X. So we'll let In of X denote the set of in neighbors of X. This is a set of web pages W, which have a hyperlink from W to X. So there's a direct edge from W to X. So just remember, out of X are the out neighbors of X and in of X are the in neighbors of X. This is the only totation that we'll need.