This random walk that we just defined is a Markov chain. Let's look at the precise definition of the transition matrix for this Markov chain. Let's let capital N denote the number of web pages. So this is the number of vertices in our directed graph. This is going to be humongous. Now, we have this transition matrix of size N by N. Now, there are two cases, either Y to X is an edge in the original graph or it's not. So let's look at these two cases separately. Either Y to X is an edge in the original graph there's a hyperlink from Y to X or there's no hyperlink from Y to X. If there's no hyperlink from Y to X then the only way to go from Y to X is to use the random button. What's the chance of that? Well, there's probability one minus Alpha that we hit the random button. Now when we hit the random button, we go to a random web page. So the probability of going to a particular web page is one over the number of web pages. So it's one over capital N. So the chance of going from Y to X using the random button is one over capital N. So in this case, the probability of going from Y to X if there's no hyperlink from Y to X then it's one minus Alpha for hitting the random button. And then one over N is the probability of going to this particular web page X. Now, if there is a hyperlink from Y to X, well we can still get from Y to X using the random button, probability of that is the same. But we can also get from Y to X using the hyperlink. There's probability Alpha of following a random hyperlink. And given where in this case the probability of following a particular hyperlink is one over the number of hyperlinks. The number of hyperlinks at Y is the number of out neighbors of Y. Now, this transition matrix corresponds to a fully connected graph. Every pair of vertices has an edge. Now, the probability the weight of a particular edge might be very small but still there's an edge between every pair of vertices. So in our terminology from Markov chains this corresponds to an ergodic Markov chain which implies that there is a unique stationary distribution Pi. And regardless of where you start the random walk you always reach this stationary distribution in the limit over time. So the definition of this Pi is independent of the starting state of the random walk. So this Pi is well defined. So we can set this Pi a stationary probability of web page X to be the PageRank, the importance of web page X.