Now, we'll take a look at the formal definition of search problems momentarily. But let's first take a look at the intuitive difference between P and NP. Now, Now roughly roughly, a search problem is a problem where given an input and as proposed solution, we can verify that that solution is in fact a solution in polynomial time where a polynomial in the input size. Now, P are those search problems where we can also generate solutions in polynomial time. Now what is P equals NP or P not equal to NP, what do they mean? Where P or are the class of problems that we can solve in polynomial time. time, NP are those problems where we can verify solution in polynomial time. So what does the P equal NP question mean? What if P equals NP? That means that it is it's as difficult to solve a problem as to verify solution. Think about this in this context of proofs trying to prove a theorem. NP says that if I give you the proof for theorem, then you can check it in polynomial time. That's sort of like going line by line in the proof and checking each line in the proof. Doesn't sound too difficult. Now, what's the analogue for P? While solving a problem, the analogue for a proof is generating the proof of the theorem. So is generating the proof for of the theorem as hard as verifying a proof for theorem? So if I can check the proof line by line, is that as hard as generating the actual proof? It seems much more difficult to generate the proof or generate a solution to a problem than to just verify that a solution or verify that a proof is correct. So if we show that P equals NP, that implies that if I can verify solution in polynomial time, then I can also solve the problem in polynomial time. So whenever I can check a proof, I can also generate a proof for that theorem. For many of us us, it seems much more plausible that P is not equal to NP. Why? Because it seems much easier to verify a solution, to check a proof than to actually solve the problem or to generate the proof for the theorem. Most go through informally defined search problems.