Now, here's a particular graph. Let's put some weights on these edges and then let's see how we would approach the MST problem using a greedy approach. Now, let's give the edges of this cycle the smallest weight, so we can focus on the behavior on this cycle. For the rest of the edges, I don't want to worry about so much. So, let me give you a bunch of edges weight seven, and I'll give a bunch of edges weight nine, and the remaining edges I'll give weight 12. Now, most of the weights don't matter for this example. I want to focus on this particular cycle. So, really, the first six weights are the only ones that matter. Now, let's look at how I would approach the MST problem from the greedy perspective. In the greedy approach, the first edge I would consider is the edge of weight one. I would start off with the empty graph. So, my current MST is empty and I'm going to build up the MST one edge at a time. I'll consider the edges by increasing weight. So, I'll start with the first edge of lowest weight, which is this edge of weight one. Now, I'm going to add it in if I can. Well, currently I have the empty graph as my current MST. And then, when I consider this edge of weight one, can I add it in? Yes, of course I can add it in because it doesn't create any cycles. So, let's add it in. Then I consider the edge of weight two. Can add that in to my current MST? Yes, I can add it in because it doesn't create any cycles. Similarly, for the edge of weight three, and edge of weight four, edge of weight five. Finally I consider the edge of weight six. Can I add that into my current MST? No, I cannot add this edge into my current MST because it creates a cycle. After that, I'll consider the edges of weight seven, in some order. But both of these edges can get added in. And similarly, these other three edges of weight seven can also get added in. Now, let me consider these other edges of weight nine. This edge I can add and without creating a cycle. Similarly this edge. Finally, when I consider this last I edge of weight nine. Can I add it in without creating a cycle? We'll say the end points of this edge are V and W. Notice that V and W are already connected. They lie in the same component. See, I have this path from V to W. So, since V and W lie on the same components, they are already connected. So, if I add an edge between them that creates another path and therefore I have a cycle which contains this edge. So, I don't add in this edge. And similarly any of the edges of weight 12 I don't add in. And this is in fact an MST of this graph.