Now once again we have this subgraph T prime which is obtained by taking the tree T adding in this edge e star and taking out the edge e prime. We've just showed that T prime is a tree and once again, notice that we could have removed any edge of this cycle and we would have attained a tree. But now we want to show that it's a minimum spanning tree. How do we show it's of minimum way? Well you know that T is an MST, so we know that the weight of T is a minimum over all trees. So to show that T prime is a minimum spanning tree, we have to show that the weight of T prime equals the weight of T. What do we know about the weight of each star compared to that of e prime? Well, we know that the weight of each star is minimum over all edges cross the cut, e prime also crosses the cut as the s spur therefore, the way to e star is the most that of the weight of e prime. Now what is the weight of T prime? It's the weight of T plus the weight of e star and then finally minus the weight of e prime. The weight of e star is the most the weight of e prime so this part is almost zero. So this whole thing is at most the weight of T. So we've shown that the weight of T prime is the most of the weight of T T is minimum weight, therefore T prime is also a minimum weight and in fact, the weight of T prime must equal the weight of T. So the weight of e star must equal the weight of e prime. Otherwise we retrain the new tree T prime which is strictly smaller weight than t, which would contradict the fact that T is an MST. So all these edges of T which cross this cut, must be of exactly the same weight as e star otherwise, we can obtain a new tree which is of smaller weight. That completes the proof of the cut property. Now the key idea that I want to stress, is that I can take a tree T and I add an edge into that tree so I take T union e star that creates a cycle. Now I can remove any edge of that cycle and I get a new tree T prime. Now that's the idea that I wanted to get from the proof of the cut property. The other idea I want you to get, is the idea from the statement of the cut property. From the statement of the cut property, I want you to get the idea that a minimum weight edge across the cut is part of a MST. Those are the two key ideas I want you to get from the statement of the cut property and the proof idea of the cut property.