This was our construction, we took this clause of size k. So we took C which was a₁ or a₂ up to aₖ and we defined this formula C prime, which consisted of K-2 clauses. And our claim is that C is satisfiable if and only if C prime is satisfiable. Now, let's prove this claim. Let's start with the forward implication. So, let's take an assignment to these literals which satisfies this clause C and let's prove that there is a satisfying assignment to C prime. Now, in order for this assignment to satisfy C, one of these literals must be satisfied. Let's let ai be the first satisfied literal. So, let ai be the first literal satisfied. Now, if ai is satisfied that's going to satisfy one of these clauses. i = 1 so, a1 that's in the first clause and if i is at least two, then ai appears in the i minus first clause. So, this literal ai being set to true satisfies the i minus first clause of C prime. Let's suppose i was four. So, we have a four equals to true and this clause is satisfied, so we can remove them. Now, what about the i minus two earlier clauses? Well, we can use these positive forms of these auxiliary variables to satisfy these earlier clauses. So, we set y one in y two to be true in this case and in general we set y one through yi - 2 to true and this satisfies the first i minus two clauses of C prime. So, this setting of the first i - 2 auxiliary variables satisfies the first i - 2 clauses, ai set to true satisfies the i - 2 first clause. What do we do about the later clauses? Well, here we're going to use the negative form of these auxiliary variables. We set the remaining auxiliary variables to false. In this case yk minus four bar and yk minus three bar and in general we set yi - 1 through yk - 2 to false and this satisfies the remaining clauses which appear after the i minus first clause. The punchline is that this literal satisfies the i minus first clause of C prime. We use these auxiliary variables to satisfy the earlier clauses and we use these auxiliary variables to satisfy the later clauses. So, we only need one literal of C to be satisfied, and then we can use the auxiliary variables to satisfy all the other clauses of C prime. Now, let's do the reverse implication.