Once again, our goal is to construct this MST T′, which contains X and e*. Now, know there is an MST T which contains X. Now, there are two cases to consider either this edge e* is a part of T, or is not part of T. Now, the easy case is suppose that e* happens to be part of T then in this case, what is T′? T′ is the same as T. There's nothing to do in this case. Notice we have that X is part of T. And we're supposing that e* happens to be part of T as well. What's our goal? Well, our goal is to show a tree, T′ which is an MST while T is an MST. If we said T′ to be T then we have that T′ is an MST. And we know that X is part of this T or T′. And also e* is part of it. So we have that XUe* is part of T′. So there's nothing to prove in this case. Done. The hard case is, what if e* is not part of T? In this particular, example this e* is not part of this particular MST T. So what do we do in this case? Well, we have to modify T in order to add edge e* entity and construct a new MST T′. How do we construct this tree T′ in this case? Well, let's take this tree T which contains X, and let's add in the edge e* to it. Let's look at TUe*. We're taking the red edges in this graph and we're adding in this edge e*. Let's say that the endpoints of e* are A and B. Now, T is a tree. What happens when we add an edge to this tree? Well, it creates a cycle. It's going to be a cycle which contains this edge. Now, this tree contains another path between A and B. The path between A and B in the tree T goes along here, along the blue edges. And then when we add in this edge e*, we get a cycle containing edge e*. Let's call this cycle C. Now, I want to drop an edge from this cycle in order to make a tree T′. We'll show that we can drop any edge from this cycle and we'll have a tree T′. But we want it to be a minimum spanning tree so we want the weight of the T′ to be minimum. How do we show there's a minimum weight spanning tree? Well, we know that the weight of T is minimum. If we show that the weight of T′ is in most the weight of T then T′ is also minimum weight. We need that to the edge that we drop has weight at least that of e*. Which of these blue edges has weight which is at least that of e*? Well, what was special about e*? e* was chosen to be the minimum weight edge across this cut S to Sbar. In this particular example, there are three other edges, three other blue edges crossing this cut S to Sbar. So what do we know about these three blue edges crossing this cut compared to e*? We know that the weight of e2, e3, and e4 is at least that of e*. So we can drop any of these three. We take any of these three edges, let's call it e′, which is in the tree T and which crosses S S-bar. Now, in this example once again there are three edges crossing this cut S S-bar which are in this tree T. Now, in general, why do we know that there is an edge e′, which is in the tree T which crosses S S-bar where this edge e* has one end point in S and one end point in S-bar. Now, this tree T it's a tree once again so that means it's connected. That means there's got to be at least one path between A and B. Now, that path has to cross from S to S-bar at some point. In this example, it crosses multiple times, but it's got to cross at least one time from one side to the other side. Now, when it crosses from one side to the other side, it has to have an edge, which crosses from one side to the other side. So take one of those edges, which crosses from one side to the other side. Call that e′. And finally, we have our tree T′. We're going to set T′ to be T, which is MST, which contains the partial solution X. We're going to add in this edge e*, which is the edge we're trying to add into our partial solution. And then we're going to subtract, we're going to take away any edge which crosses from S to S-bar, which is part of this tree T. And we know there exists at least one such as e′ take any such edge e′ and take it out of the tree T, add in the edge e*, and this gives us our tree T′. What remains? Well, we've constructed this T′ and now we have to prove that T′ is in fact a tree and that is a minimum weight. Therefore, it's a minimum spanning tree.