Now, the previous idea we just discussed takes a sink SCC, and it satisfies that sink component. And then the issues come in by worrying about the complement of that set. Let's look at the reverse idea. Instead of taking a sink strongly connected component, let's take a source SCC. Let's call it S prime. So we have the source component containing X4 and X2bar. Now, it's a source so it has no edges coming in, it only has edges coming out. Now, for sink component we wanted to set it to true. What do we want to do for the source component? We want to set it to false. So by setting S prime to false, we're going to not specify each of these literals. That means X4 is not going to be satisfied so X4 is set to false. X2bar is not satisfied. That means that X2 is set to true. Now, these literals are not satisfied but there are no incoming edges so there are no later implications which are going to cause problems. Moreover, because these literals are not satisfied we don't have to worry about the implications coming out of these literals, so we don't have to worry about these edges coming out. We can safely remove this component and work on the remainder of the graph. But once again, what happens to the complement of this set? In this case, X4bar and X2? Well, it turns out that these are going to be in a strongly connected component, and this is going to be a sink SCC. So there might be edges coming in but there are no edges coming out. Now, if we set as prime to be false, that means we set its compliment to be true. So we satisfied all of these literals. Now, if we satisfied these literals that means later implications are going to be satisfied, and there are no edges coming out so we don't have to follow any implications out. Now, it turns out that these two approaches are the same. That's why it works. We can take a sink SCC and set it to true. And at the same time, we can take a source SCC and set it to false. These are compliments of each other. If the component S is sink SCC then its complement set is a source SCC. This is what we're going to do, we're going to find a source SCC S prime, or we're going to find a sink SCC S prime bar. These are compliments of each other. If this is a source then this is a sink and vice versa. And we're going to set this source, vertices, to be false. So these literals are going to be unsatisfied and in the sink we're going to set them all to be true. We're going to satisfy all the literals. If we do one, then we do the other. And once we do this, then we can remove all these literals which appear in S prime and S prime bar. Now, for each variable which appears in one of these, this is going to remove the positive and negative literal. If the positive literal appears here, then the negative appears here. And if the negative appears here, then the positive appears here. We remove both the positive and negative literal, so that variable goes away. We can simplify the formula, simplify the graph, and we can repeat.