It remains to prove this key fact that if S is a sink component then S bar, its complement, is a source component and vice versa. If S bar is a source then S is a sink. In order to prove this key fact, we're going to look at a simpler claim. Here's the claim. If we have a pair of literals alpha and beta and if there is a path from alpha to beta, then there's a path from beta bar to alpha bar and if there's a path from beta bar to alpha bar, then there's a path from alpha to beta. Now this claim looks much easier to prove. Let's assume the claim for now and let's go back and prove this key fact. Let's prove that if S is a sink then S bar is a source and vice versa. So take a sink component S and we're going to prove that S bar is a source component. Now take a pair of vertices in this sinc component S. So these vertices correspond to literals alpha and beta. Let's say alpha and beta R and S. So what do we know? We know that alpha and beta are strongly connected to each other because they're in the same strongly connected component. If they're strongly connected with each other that means we have paths between the pair. So we have a path from alpha to beta and a path from beta to alpha. That's the definition of being strongly connected. Now what does our claim imply? Well if there is a path from alpha to beta which is what we know, then there is a path from beta bar to alpha bar and this path from beta to alpha again applying the claim then that means that we have a path from alpha bar to beta bar. So what does that mean? That means that alpha bar and beta bar are strongly connected with each other, so they lie in the same SCC. So if alpha and beta are in S then we know that alpha bar and beta bar are in S bar in SCC. So what we've shown is for pairs of vertices in S, then their complements form an SCC. For alpha and beta in S, alpha bar and beta bar must be in the same SCC. So if all pairs over here are strongly connected, then their complements or pairs are strongly connected. So, these guys form SCC their complement forms an SCC. Now this is part of what we wanted to prove. We wanted to prove that if S is a sink SCC then S bar is a source SCC. What have we shown so far? We've shown that if S is a SCC then as S bar is an SCC but we haven't shown anything about a sink implies a source and vice versa. But we're halfway there. We've shown that if S is an SCC, then its complement is an SCC and vice versa. You can do the same proof in reverse. And now if S bar is in SCC then its complement is also in SCC. Now let's prove the last part about sink implies source and vice versa.