What we've seen so far is that for this recurrence T of N equals four T of N over two plus order N by substituting in two times, we get to T of N is the most C times N times the quantity. One plus two, plus two squared, plus four cubed times T of N over two cubed. Now notice we're leaving, this is four over two and four over two squared, instead of two and two squared so that we see the geometric series that's going to arise. And this illustrates how the geometric series that arises, is related to the original recurrence. The four comes from here and the two comes from this term. At this point, we see the pattern. So now I suppose instead of substituting in two times we did I times. Well, to be precise, let's suppose we're substituting, I minus one times. So, this geometric series becomes one plus four halves, plus four halves squared, and so on, up to four halves to the I minus one. And this last term becomes four to the I times T of N over two to the I. Now, when do we stop? What I do we stop at? We start when we get to the base case which is when this quantity is one and whether, we stop at one or a hundred, it doesn't matter. So, let I equal the log base two of N. Then, two to the I is N. So, N over N is one. So, this quantity is one. So, substituting in I equal log base two of N, we get the following expression. Now, let's try to simplify the terms here. First off, what is T of one? T of one is the most C. So, we can upper bound this by C. What is four to the log base two N? Well, this is order N squared, C times N is order N. Now, what about this geometric series? Now, the key thing is that this geometric series is increasing. Four over two is bigger than one it's two. So, the last term dominates. So, this whole expression is dominated by order the last term. So, this geometric series is on the order of four over two to the log base two N. We can forget about the minus one because that's hidden in the Big O notation because that's just an extra factor of a half. Now, let's simplify this quantity. The numerator is four to the log base 2N, which we said before is order N squared. The denominator is two to the log base two N which is of course N. So, this quantity is order N. Plugging it in, we have order N, times order N, plus order N squared. So, this order N squared, plus order N squared which is order N squared. So this recurrence solves the order N squared. The key element of these recurrences, is this geometric series that arises. So, let's take a look at geometric series in general.