Take a look at the basic idea of this simplex algorithm. We want to start at some feasible point. Well, we start at the zero vector. This is the vertex of the feasible region, because it satisfies the N non-negativity constrains with equality. Now, of course we still have to check that this point satisfies the other M constraints. Now, if it does not satisfy any of the M constraints, then we know that this point is not in the feasible region and therefore the feasible region is empty. So this LP is infeasible. There are no X which satisfy all of the constraints. Now, this starting point is feasible. Then we're going to do a sort of local search. So, we're going to look at the neighboring vertices and we're going to try to find one with higher objective value. What do we mean? We mean that the value of the objective function is higher and we want one which is strictly higher. Now recall there are most N times M neighboring vertices. So, in the worst case we can check all the neighboring vertices. Now, if we find a neighboring vertex with higher objective value then we move there and then we repeat. So, for this new point, we'd look for a neighboring vertex which has higher objective value. And we continue, keep repeating. Now, what do we do if there is multiple neighboring vertices with higher objective value? Well, that's one of the heuristics of the variance of simplex algorithm. We could choose one of them at randomly. We could take the neighboring vertex with highest object of value. There's various heuristics that we can use. But what happens in the case that this current point is better than all of the neighboring vertices? Well, recall our feasible region is a convex polyhedron and we're walking on vertices of this convex polyhedron. So we're at some vertex and all the neighbors are smaller than it. Since it's convex, it can't go down and then back up. So, if all the neighbors are smaller than it, then the whole convex, the whole feasible region is smaller than it. So, the current point must be the optimum. So, we simply output the current point and this is guaranteed to be the optimal, the global optimal of the LP. To solidify the idea of the simplex algorithm, we're going to illustrate it on one of our examples. So, let's go back to our three dimensional example, our example with three variables and implement the simplex algorithm on that example.