Now here's our earlier example with three variables, and let's illustrate the simplex algorithm on this example. The feasible region is this three dimensional convex polyhedron. How does simplex start? Well, we start at the point (0, 0, 0), and we can check that this point is feasible, it satisfies all of the constraints, and the value of the objective function for this point is zero. So we have profit zero for this point. Now, where is this point in the feasible region? It's his point in the back. Now this point is defined by these three inequalities. We satisfy these three constraints with equality, and the remaining constraints, the remaining four constraints, we satisfy with inequalities. Let's look at a neighboring vertex. Let's look at this vertex. This vertex is defined by this constraint with equality, and these two non-negativity constraints but we dropped that one. So we're looking at the vertex defined by this first constraint with equality, and these last two non-negativity constraints with equality. This corresponds to this vertex of the feasible region, and this is the point (300, 0, 0), and it has profit 300. So when we consider it from the zero vector, then we're going to move here because it has higher profit. Next, let's consider this neighboring vertex of the current point. This new vertex satisfies these first two constraints with equality, and the last constraint. It corresponds to the point (300, 200, 0). And if you plug it into the objective function, it has profit 1500. The profit is higher, so we move to this new point. Now let's see if there's a neighbor of this new point which is better. Let's consider this neighbor. This is at the intersection of these three faces, these three faces are the first three constraints. This is the point (300, 200, 50). The value of the objective function for this point is 2000, so we move there. From the current point, let's try a new neighbor. Consider this neighboring vertex, this vertex is defined by equality by these three constraints, and it satisfies the other constraints, so it lies in the feasible region. It corresponds to the point (200, 200, 100). You can see that because X_2 = 200. And then once X_2 = 200, and this constraint says that X3 = 100. And then finally, this specifies that X1 = 200. And then if you check the value of the objective function, we get that it's 2400, so we move to this new point. Finally, we check all of the neighbors of this vertex, and we see that all of the neighbors are worse. So we know that we're at the optimal point and we successfully solved this LP.