Now in a proof of dilemma about the inverse of the matrix M, we're going to need the following claim which is a generalization of the quiz you just took. The claim says that if we take any omega which is Nth root of unity. So omega raised to the nth is one, and we assume that omega is not one but any other root of unity. And if we look at the sum of powers of omega. So one plus omega plus omega squared and so on up to omega to the N minus one, then this sum equals zero. Now we just saw that this is true when omega equals omega sub N and N is even. We're going to need this more general claim so let's go ahead and prove it. Now first off though. Notice why it's not true when omega equals 1, when omega equals 1 then this is 1, 1, 1. All the terms are 1. So this is going to be N. it certainly does not equal to zero. Now let's forget about this claim for a second. For any number of Z the following holds, look at Z minus one times 1 plus Z plus Z squared up to Z to the N minus 1. So powers of Z. So looks a little bit similar to the claim. Multiply this out, what do you get? Well first two Z times this quantity. So you get Z plus Z squared and so on up to Z to the N. And you've got negative 1 times this quantity. So you have minus the same quantity. Notice most of the terms cancel each other out, Z minus Z, Z squared minus, there's the Z squared term there, Z to the N minus one minus Z to the N minus 1. What's left? The only term left here is the last term Z to the N and the only term left here is the first term, minus one. Now let Z equals omega from the hypothesis of the claim. What do we know? We know that omega is nth root of unity. So if we take omega or Z raised to the nth power, we get 1, so Z to the N minus one equals zero, which means either this quantity equals zero or this quantity equals zero or both. But we assume that omega is not 1. So that means Z is not 1. So Z minus 1 is not 0. So that can't be the case. So this quantity must be equal to zero. That's what we're trying to prove. When Z equals omega. We're trying to prove that this sum equals zero. So that completes the proof.